[Music]
you don't know what's going on, the topic is that
that's why
I came out lemon
[Music]
There is something about it that attracts me
that distracts me
[Music]
They call her Pepa because you live with her
girlfriend
is always up in anyone don't you
I like everything about you, I like it, I like how
I like how
[Music]
fast
move it move it
[Music]
I like everything about you
tasty old man almost half an hour
waiting for you in my time we started
punctual underscore lollipop hyphen
under a lollipop a hug
[Music]
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, very good
nights
[Music]
I feel like I like it too much and that's not
It has worried me because I liked that
I'm always already in my Luna bed
Friday
I feel like I like it too much
[Music]
I feel that I
Well
ta ta ta ta
Let's leave the cumbia and the
reggaeton No Javi Don't stop doing Ah
Chad very powerful to see forgive me you
I owe you an apology I owe you an apology
Javi Don't forget to do the live shows at
Kick who is the one who always warns when
does live Ah well look great great
Great, thank you very much. I'm glad.
I'm glad. Hey, well, look, it's that even
you could keep Kick you do
all members there 2,600 members
that or of the 2600 members we have
Here here in Kick they would be very nice
it would be very nice
Put Mr. HP's and we'll pay for your iPhone.
listen to me in a while in a while
while what happened to the tail for 42 months
flames
42 months
Alan, 42 months old, 39 times the Ivan what
[ __ ] traitor no Alan what a rat
There is no one like my wire, nor will there ever be.
claydemon a kiss
then people wonder where it is
my Alaskan and they want to be where she is
never
One How are you? Good night.
There will never be anyone to look at the N-42
months there are people who have become members with 42
months and that [ __ ] stiff Ivan took a while
four or five months later
where are you going where are you going loser where
You're going to mess me up, let's see, I'm going to see the
members that are there to see if they are real
I'm going to see the members there to see if
are real
but a copyright has jumped on me because
here the silence
[Music]
I'm going to see the real members there
2622 out there or there are many more there are many
further
hosts that we could reach 3000
colleagues, I give you the real members
I'll give you the real members, okay?
I put the real members kid
holy [ __ ] dude
This summer is going well for me.
This summer is super spectacular
That is, it is giving me
thing to go on vacation because the week
I'm also going for a few days
In theory next week I want
I'm going to log out Alexa just
give 50 to exo Thank you very much
in theory
[Music]
two seven five two I said no
two seven five two no two seven five
five
two seven five five
but I don't know why I don't know what
[ __ ] is this [ __ ] tool
[ __ ]
I don't know what this tool is for
when not when the bar fails it fails
a lot
I don't know why the bar fails.
Why do I want a bar that isn't real?
and it doesn't go well you have to be playing the
every day the reputation of those who
They supported Coscu, he is going to age worse than
Yeri Mua's face
Don't act like you don't read me, I never comply
25 months old, my little chestnut, the queen And
What are you bragging about, newbie? I'll see.
openheimer I will miss that live show no
nothing happens
eclipse a huge kiss alex just
give away another 50
But what's going on? Well, there is
past that we have carried so far
straight
Thank you very much Ivan, what do you intend with that?
Now that you intend to fix it with that
five months and he won't recover it anymore
impossible to return to the past
It is impossible to return to the past that has
back in time today was Dallas
The one who has returned to the past today has been
Dallas dude they got it
have managed to bring the issue to light
Well, not the oldest topic as such.
This topic is at the level of
This topic is at the level
of the second ex-girlfriend more or less
that time
In fact, I think the second one is a girlfriend.
At the time I also tweeted with him
issue
how strong well I'm going to try a little
first topic for an hour we are going to
see what's there let's wait for the video
From Dallas Soul is going to go up that we are going to
comment on the gossip of
invisible cloak today we have a live
quite powerful
waiting for the Dallas video
We are waiting for the Dallas video.
a rather curious live show
Well, there are 50, I think this is better.
silence it no
I think it's better to keep this quiet for a while.
a while
because if not we won't leave
if we don't leave
let's see
direct direct to see what I had planned
other topics but suddenly it is
has exploded just when
I was about to start the telesalseo
I've gone to Teresa to the ceo of ass I mean
I've gone to three ass sauce because
the live that I had today has been
bugged this you guys I'm doing fine
Today, Look, I have been bugged.
You guys are seeing me fine now
Now it seems that it is going Now it seems that it is going
the live show I had prepared for
Teresa Alseo has been changed to me
complete because suddenly the
conviction of Roco Carrasco
look at you, an incredible bomb, not later
So we did a live show about that.
the truth Well today's live from
Teresa Salseo has been spectacular as
It's also going to be spectacular
tomorrow Marina comes but it is
that here in teles to the seo not in Javier
canijo I also see that things are that
It burns And Olivita has returned from
Let's see, I wouldn't say that he's back.
after for example I have seen a lot
people I have seen many people who were
like Maria Thank you very much Maria
Florence Hey we can get to the
3000 members before I left
vacation and this summer we are already going or
It's that this summer I don't know what is happening to me.
happening that I'm doing tremendously
brilliant
This is direct to me or rather this
direct not this summer
Seriously, places done this you no longer
I think cell phones I don't know what the hell
what he does I just ordered one from him
Something to say hello to if I could do it
a favor to do me something and it is not the
that you would all like to do to me and I do it
has done in a moment It is that not
I understand the thing about places, really. I mean
The thing about places is the best thing I could do
never having passed never never not like the [ __ ]
Ivan of [ __ ] listen to me
what happened this summer what is
passing this summer that we are top 1
of gossip channels
that is, 8 million visitors 8
millionaires visiting Javier Canijo 3
millions in telesalseo one and a half million
in Javier Oliveira another million in the
lollipop also that the lollipop is it
God wants I'm going to cancel it I don't know
how many in the sauce shop but the salt would be
I'm also going to cancel it and I'm going to
to bring here just gave to the
exxos other 50 members we will reach
the 3,000 members
[Music]
I don't know what's going on this summer but
This summer is being very crazy for
This channel is getting very big
this summer for this channel But oh well
And look at what he has done to me
very funny but when I saw the
This table is not the ranking that they have
published says well that Javier canijo
the channel is first is the first in
the gossip channels
But of course I see that it says 5 million 600
a thousand visits and I say that's what it seems to me
we've had like 8 this month Because
In addition, a short went viral for me
a million or so this month I have had
A million videos are worth
and I say if we have 8 million visits
and the kid tells me that he has done the
ranking is not that the visits that I
I put in the ranking are only that of
the videos you have uploaded since the day
1 until July 31 What does it mean?
This is two and a half million visits
two and a half million visits belong
to videos that have been uploaded to videos
old to previous videos no no you
You are realizing the seriousness and the
what is that joint smoke?
You are giving us an account of the smoke that
is that So there are two million and
means of visit that do not belong to the
last videos of the month means that I
I can leave here for a month and disappear.
a month Well a month or who knows
how much no but at least a month
without going up at all
and would have two and a half million visits
on this channel on this channel That is to say that
I hadn't noticed that detail but
Well the topic Olivita the topic Olivita is
a topic that in its day
As I was saying, it was half buried
Dallas seemed to have spoken about the subject in his day.
also on some specific occasions
He has clarified it again Because of course it is
They take it out And this is like the topic I
I had precisely, look at things
of the destiny that Precisely in the video
We were talking about this topic from the beginning
because he took it out, he took it out
because there are people there are channels that are
like super against Dallas and so on and
those things no And from time to time as
that revive the subject are thrown at him
face and so on, no, we were talking about it
not that they also end up like my Clean of
when I was against in 2018
Dallas and he also took it out not also
attacked him with that
but of course it's like no, it's not like Olivitas
suddenly he has returned out of nowhere after
After so many years, I don't know if it limits it.
gone out several times over the years
there was a youtuber there was a youtuber who
did like an interview that he published
like an interview of her that now
It turns out the girl came out today saying
that it is not an interview but it was
a private conversation that recorded her and
has always published it, tell him permission for that
That's what she says, okay. I tell you, she
See, I don't know what Dallas is going to say in his
video a kiss race Look that already
That topic has been fulfilled more than five times
years and they still continue greetings grandpa no
five years have not been fulfilled 78 have been
turned 78 but let's see if he doesn't
is that seven or eight are fulfilled but that they are
have turned seven and eight and that will give the
applied the network that I have explained to you
a lot of information came out I don't
I want to get ahead
I was giving some the other day
brushstroke of the little that there was not Or that
I wanted to talk about the topic or what was known
There was no way of understanding the subject
There were certain conversations that
had come out in which a kid who
had a software to modify
conversations because he had said that for
some reason that is unknown because she
was trying to contact him no
be a move, that combination is worth it
They came out, we'll see today
There are some things going on, okay, I'm not going to
precipitate let's see what it is
says Dallas because of course Dallas has said
who is going to come out to speak
The only thing I can tell you is that
There are some conversations in which
Dallas and she get along well and talk about
an apology, a pass, okay, no apologies
as such, literally, maybe not
But yes, a good thing happened to us, this happened to us.
the other Well you this way you that way
things worth I'm not going to tell a thing
conversation okay And then the girl had
a few times he said something there was
other times that another has said, well there is
moves okay I think Dallas aside
that he doesn't want to bring up the subject anymore
because it is obviously not a topic
beautiful and that you want it to be
take out Well also
does it
in a way to protect her in a certain way
way to protect her okay there's this girl
Well, it has a
complicated environment has had a
complicated situation No and I don't think so
it has to be brought out a lot
oh well
If he takes it out, we will have no choice but to
comment on it no the girl has left let's go
listen to the audios that have been published
not only that but the girl has
been on Twitter this afternoon
I don't know if we have it, I don't know if I should play it
It's around here but I don't know if we have it.
In the end it is worth it if someone has recorded the
spaces or something like that but by
What has been seen has been in spaces today of
Twitter with these channels that come out
what are they
only about Dallas only about Dallas and the
These Twitter accounts are just
about Dallas that Dalas came in and debated
Well, apparently the girl has been
in Twitter spaces with these channels
no and with these users and also has
been contacting or trying to
contacted lean riccio recently
in
in a YouTube comment
from the community tab it says they have
said in this post I am
preparing a new section on the channel
called subscriber cases since I
I get many emails telling me about their
cases that need dissemination I am
talking about violence and femicides
scams that are being prosecuted and
were covered by the media because
They were left in the dark if they knew someone
or you yourselves want me to give it to you
diffusion in this new section can
send them to me by email contact ta ta ta ta
even so If they do not have media coverage
send me with all the details that
have included video, photos, notes
journalistic that I will be analyzing
blah blah blah well it's for a section
subscriber cases this I think
I have seen it on some occasions with lean
The thing is that olivita appears by
here I don't have the slightest idea about
how people know that these little olives and
They realize that this girl for a
comment here ok or so I don't have
I have no [ __ ] idea how people
Research this and find out. This is worth it.
La Rabiosa, I have a legal problem
with a youtuber from Spain and they come to me
threats I will try to contact you
me personally but this is a
my opinion and I say it with all the
respect and with the best wishes for the
girl and may your life go well
and besides, I don't know anything about
she more than the case and the things that go
coming out but man if you the subject
you want to forget that you don't want to
it is spoken about in the media that you have been
you are making the comment public
when they can send an email also not
Well the first thing is that to contact
I wouldn't hire a lawyer if they hadn't hired him.
That said, it's already my opinion, super
hyper mega personal I wouldn't I wouldn't look for
They told him okay and I have the case
I would take Claro as a legal plan but
If you have to take it for legal reasons,
It is assumed that already in its day Six ago
years he carried it not by the legal and he did not stay
in nothing then
I don't think it will solve anything that
share the case on a YouTube channel
But well, you see, this is not a little bit of it.
The same as always, in the end, everyone does.
You have the right to express yourself and to
tell your move is worth it What happens is that
of course, put yourself a little in the spotlight and
also the girl
has published some audios that we are going to
listen below And that apart from
having brought his name up again in the
these audios have made the scene
This girl is participating today in
certain spaces on Twitter and so on
with people who are good, let's see, yes, hater
We couldn't say that they are very haters
from Dallas no I mean I don't think it is
no problem and no term
defensive or anything like that, I mean
They are kids who organize groups and
Multi-accounts are created to add things
of Dallas not in the vicissitudes and the
names I don't know how very
Curious Vale and Dallas have spoken out
after this goes viral and has
said that a video is coming to settle the issue of
once and for all you will soon have it in
Dallas without filter Let's see when he said
This Dallas, I don't know if that video is coming
Today I don't know, I don't know if this is understood as
that the video is coming today or that he records it
and come up whenever you understand me
Imagine having to leave your house
to another state
leave your family
that everyone is worried
Imagine
that they call you at nine in the morning
try to hack your phone
and threaten you
Imagine
living in a corrupt country where the
police
has done the worst things
have to
He tells me I'll play
He tells me I'll play, Olivita commented on this
tomorrow in the extract
that Dallas spoke to his father and that he
He said he was going to record the video
[Music]
He tells me I'll play that girl
has been saying today in a space
that there is a youtuber who has been the one who
has been contacting a youtuber from
This thing about the channels that come out on
Dallas is not the one who has been like
pushing her out and moving all this
topic again and
life is going to get complicated
complicate that youtuber's life
No, not for nothing, but because in addition the
things you are saying are not like that OR
I don't know if I talked about it the other day.
in the cape video that is happening
what is being said among those
channels and others not that there is a prosecutor
that has leaked to a youtuber that has
opened the case ex officio to see this
case no that doesn't work like that. That's the law
it doesn't work like that
I mean, if it worked like that, I wouldn't know it anymore.
I would tell a YouTube channel okay but
start saying that a new one is opening
ex officio case, that is, as if Dallas
was accused or some movement of
that when that is not So that Twitter that
Twitter has sent the court to
the conversations
I wish Twitter worked like this.
Twitter if you saw the cases that
I have what has been asked of you
Twitter things and Twitter ignores the law
3,000 million kilos or it is
They are asking for super simple things
Ok, but Twitter doesn't work like that. I mean.
the first there has to be a cause
imputation And then the judge or the
Authorities would ask Twitter to Hey
we need this we need this and one
Once Twitter receives the document, it is worth it.
court order then Twitter will
is supposed to contribute what is
ask him of course but you are
asking for an impossible thing first
is that no one is going to be on Twitter
to log into your account and check all
the conversations
all conversations are worth it, let's see which one
It's Olive's
and the second thing is that
Not even the account that Dallas had exists
eight years ago in the same as that of
now it is not the same even though it has now
same @ is not the same account okay
AND
the girl's account or the girl's account. That is,
The girl's account is not either
You know, see if that's made up and
Imagine having to... I mean, what need?
for creating content for creating gossip
Okay, that's fine. That I am the one.
first to move But no but what
need then you have to
explain this you don't know how to explain it
He understands me and says that
[Music]
that the girl
has said this is so the girl has
said that other YouTubers in Argentina
the v
and that at a young age he went to parties where
they played it, the guy who played it
that
eating your pride shouldn't be the case
putting this
and go to them because you are afraid of
your physical integrity
Imagine
be afraid to return home
because you don't know how far it can go
reach the fanaticism of people
He says I'll play. Yes, that's what we understood.
a lot in what he said in that space Ah
but he didn't say it literally but
that made it clear
So you've had a lot of problems with
many youtubers but the topic is Dallas
I just don't understand that point clearly.
I don't understand it but well the best Here
says something no
Imagine having to arm yourself
not only mental strength but
literally
having to learn to defend yourself
for fear that some person
without motivations, without life, without projects
and with much much much hate inside you
can do something to you or to the
people who matter most to you
That's what's happening to me that
it's my situation
in the present
and I have been keeping quiet for many years
the mouth
and more than keeping quiet because
she has not been silent
I have read you, kitty, I have read you, kitty
Okay
I can't tell this data I can't no
There are things that there are things that have
said that I really ask you please
to everyone not to attack this
girl, let's go, I imagine you don't even know
will go through your head
treating her badly or anything like that is okay
she has had a complicated situation
It's not the reason why you did it
Ok, but some of it is not true.
things he is saying are not
truth sincerely there is no more is that no
there is more
Yes yes I see it I see it
Imagine that the same person
who abused
your innocence
the same person who accused you of the
worst things
the same person who exposed you in front
of his millions
of followers
throwing you to the wolves so that you
threaten you and your family
Imagine that the person you
you reported
I'll talk to you again a few days before
reach the age of majority
imagine
a kiss Black says for attacking her is for
attacking him is attacking her
You don't want them to attack her, that's why
They are harming her, okay? I understand.
that Dara is a very controversial person and
that messes with a lot of people That's how it is
It is not something that can be denied, no
For better or worse, he is a very person
controversy that many people point out gets involved
with many people and is in conflict with
many people then whether you like it or not,
In the end, people try
attack him or me if it were up to me
example a youtuber and they are taking me out
some things of mine Well, I'm back
I try to get what I can out So what
It is what you can get out because you try to get out
whatever you can scratch is worth the move
Let's see. They just told me something by
here
Dallas didn't tell me, okay, I didn't tell you.
Dallas has told me I think Dallas
will be recording now Well I don't know if
recording the video or almost uploading it
but they just told me something but
not only that they have told me that
They are showing it to me
That is, they have sent me certain tests of
I'm not going to reveal any things in advance.
let's listen to what she said and
then we listen to him When he goes up
video is worth between in between in between
Soul will come up and we'll talk too
of the conflict between Hector Portillo and
invisibility cloak what my goodness how are you
That gossip, oh my goodness, how are you?
gossip
Imagine having to leave your house
to another state
leave your family
that everyone is worried
Imagine
that they call you at 9 in the morning
So point the accusation at those who
they put every time they want to attack being
It is obvious that it is not good to attack or
They would wipe out anyone to try
destroy Dallas that's why the pressure
towards olivita so that she speaks
I'm not going to get ahead of myself.
Thanks Alejandra, I'm not going to get ahead of myself.
Okay, I'm not going to tell you what they told me.
sent but there are things he is saying
the girl who knows they are not true
that really, I mean, it's not for nothing, I mean
surely it gives the mistake too
Some error
I make a mistake in some movement what
You want it, okay, but there are things
that is, they are not real. I mean, no, no.
I would allow myself to tell you the opposite.
I said the other day when we were
talking about this topic in the layer topic
Yes, the topic to see may sound very
very good as an attack because in the end
How they are using it as an attack
either because he really dislikes her or
because they have something against Dallas or because
visits, that is, simply for visits
because it is the only topic that
He gives me visits and then I have to
resort to this because I am suing
to a type of audience that only
wants This is worth it or so I've been
seeing
videos these days that have been sent to me
clips and tweets of people defending the
Mr. Doctor, we were talking about it, right?
when we saw the cape video yesterday we didn't
before there was no
Then they would have as they would throw her out I'm not going
to advance anything they would be asking
She insists that I go out and that
put Dallas and report it and that
say something
What more if this has already come out if this has already
It came out if this already came out five or six years ago
seven eight years it was explained
that
They are going to close the Dallas channel.
They are going to close the channel.
losing a visit is going to say No, it's not going to
absolutely nothing happens
you understand me
But well, let's wait, let's see.
and we will wait to hear the same
Dallas's response to hacking your
phone
and threaten you
Imagine
living in a corrupt country
Victor says when someone else does something that is a
Boo when Dallas talks to a girl from
13 He made a mistake, eh Victor? Yes.
You don't know the age, that's a clear mistake.
Victor If you are referring to koku no
when someone like what you said
how what he said about Victor when
do when another does something man Victor
If you call something if you call something a
take and do what Goku did man to
see that you want to defend that over there
I won't be the one to question you
my mother
where the police
has done the worst things
have to
eat your pride and go to them
because you are afraid for your integrity
physics
Imagine
be afraid to return home
because you don't know how far it can go
reach the fanaticism of people
Imagine having to arm yourself
not only mental strength but
literally
having to learn to defend yourself
for fear that some person
without motivations, without life, without projects
with much much much hatred inside is
repeating the audio no
He's not going, he's not going, he believes me that he was in
line as I was seeing this line here
8 minutes
of followers
throwing you to the wolves so that you
threaten you and your family
Imagine that the person you
you reported
I'll talk to you again a few days before
reach the age of majority
in the midst of a global pandemic It is
that this is not the case Imagine that this
person
which you reported and it is assumed
that I should never contact you again
I called you on your private phone to
extort you
Imagine that you tell him you know what?
crazy
You owe me a public apology and
staff for what you did
and feign dementia
and let the conversation end there
and for a second imagine that you turn
18 years old
is happy
how one is sometimes on birthdays
and you get a message again this
person you reported
and what do you expect the authorities to do?
do something so that you never have to again
contact
and you wait
that this person has the dignity not to
contact you never again
Imagine that you turned 18 years old.
a few days and this being comes back to you
contact you and say happy birthday
I hope you're okay That's not it
TRUE
try to imagine it
I don't think you can
understand it I don't think you can
even imagine it because it is a
madness is complete madness is a
shame
and all this
and all this that I wanted to bury
all this that I wanted
forget
I won't be able to do it
leave
that it dissolves
Who are you to say this isn't
true because simply This is not
true because I have proof
that this is not true as it is
counting
It's not Dala who starts that conversation.
and that is not what is being talked about in that
conversation
What happens is that it's good to wait for you.
the Dallas video comes out and apart from her
has been saying something else or
it is that no it is not true it is that no
I can say something else, we listened to it
eh, I mean, we heard it and such. But it's that
it is not like that
because time does not dilute it
silence neither
this is not going to stay like this
and I with all the strength I have to
It's a lot because I have developed myself.
professionalized and I have A day without straw
for every time he says imagine kiss
anacondas
It seems that he is reading, I don't know if he knows it
she will have pointed out or
whatever you're reading before
record these audios
completely removed from all this
crap because there is no other way
call
to the work of this one if it can be called
work that is
This is the crap of life that this one has
person
has completely alienated me
of these scum and I'm still going to have
I'm going to have to put an end to it.
energy and I'm going to have to put my chest out
and the face
because I'm fed up
that they mess with me and my family
I'm fed up with this person
which as a personal opinion has aside
a pretty pretty horrible face
keep appearing
in my life
with its airs of grandeur
and his pride and his ego so but so
built
this pathetic person
keep appearing in my life When you
The only thing I would like is never again
having to think or see him
the face
then I got fed up, I got tired
but I will not keep quiet
and I'm going to do whatever it takes
It sounds like a lot of drama to be
if she can have her way
see it What happens is that she knows
that this is not the case
you know that now only, nothing more
You have something that is public, okay?
Let everyone tell the rest, but
You have something that is public. So,
has always been quiet
has not come out almost every year
Do you understand me? Hey, how is your right?
that you can know whatever you want but that
that is not the case
and what you are saying about the
contacted me they told me something else
But well, let's see each one with what
what does it mean to bring someone to justice?
once and for all
the Javi or you can't condemn
stalkers man, I condemn you world
fanfix that you've been on almost all year
here in the chat and you've noticed
Now that I opened the cage the other day
my mother
this situation
It's unfortunate that I had to live at 13
years and today at 21 years old I am
convinced that someone would like to see this girl
prompted me to do this, I have my suspicions
and I must say that it is very disgusting to touch
I'll send you something. Well, I can't send you something.
But I'm going to tell you
I have to continue
putting up with the harassment and threats
background Read with him and live in fear of
that some lifeless person
can take away from me everything that
I built
for such a useless person
and as tiny as this guy who doesn't even
I don't even know his name and I don't know him either.
It is interesting to say it
So
if one day
we crossed paths in court
because I debate with you my love no
because I would wipe the floor with you from here to the
China
because I wiped the floor with you when I was 13
years and I would pass it on to you again now
But I'm not going to give you that satisfaction.
If we ever meet again, it will be
to be in court
and I'm not going to stay silent any longer
because you
and I know perfectly well what happened
and in that WhatsApp conversation that
we had when I turned 18 I'll tell you
I said that you and I
I don't know exactly what happened and what didn't happen
I need to expose it anywhere to
that you and I know
that you didn't just send a face
tremendous
It's a big coincidence that wismichula will start
to continue after this Win my chula has
continued
seriously dude
Seriously, on the same day, a little later
that's true
Oh, you can't see it.
I'm not going any further down
I don't know if they really put a byte in me
but you remained what you are
I can't believe it
What you just told me I will play for myself
Can you send a screenshot of that?
I can't believe it, I'll play what you told me
you're saying Well I can always do it
believe clearly
I can't believe it, I'll play
that has come out I can't believe it
I have to see a screenshot for that.
a Scum that can have no ties
with people I don't give a damn about
because behind that pathetic character
that you have, you are a poor wretch who never
but he will never have peace
so I'm going to take the trouble to
expose what you did to me
the effect you have on me and those close to me
and I'm not going to stop
until it is legally established
that you are blaming too much with the
fans crying with laughter
It's that he's telling me I'll touch that there is
certain people who not only that
follow them but they have already put
replace by supporting it
how strong
all my support
Well, that would be it
Nauterio and Albert's Turbo plan those
family tweets today are eaten XD XD
of course, not the same as we are
talking about the subject
no uncle
The black woman says to put the chat to the
members because they keep saying
the girl's nonsense, man.
I insulted there, that is, you are insulting the
lass
yes who if not who if not like you not
you said yet I will say that she speaks
now because Costco is surely now
will pay for the lawyers and the case as
Revenge on the Dollar No, it's not going that way, it's not going that way.
there goes another way that will go to you
surprise a lot
it doesn't go that way
talking with olivita
firulai keiko
nautterfly
in the end
the complaint against the disgusting dd is
made in 2018
man it's incredible that they happened
so many years
and
there are people still trying
[Music]
sink the image of Dalas with this
kind of things
I think that will be for life.
for life
look, I'll play
in the end
and what you send me shocks me
[Music]
the alleged complaint
He sent me to play him a copy of the
superstar denounces that I imagine that the
they will have published somewhere
A kiss, Ivan. Thank you very much. Okay.
Well, let's see what Dallas responds.
no 26 m a kiss Andrea
let's wait and see
Dallas' response to see what he says to the
Haters are losing their minds.
not only the haters
There are people who take advantage of this
type of users on networks and try
recruit them for their things and their
stories
my mother
My goodness, I am so sorry that he sent me to
tap
The piranha and the allies Don't do that
I say everything Agustn Don't do that please
Don't do that to the Nevania Agustn
Don't give nicknames or anything like that
Well, they have nicknames.
my mother
That is, everyone is there as always.
putting twist and following the no
Well
Well, a lot of encouragement, a lot of encouragement, they will do it.
get
Mother of God
the video is going to be uploaded
tell me where you come from say hello to me
birthday
No, I have my ideas, but of all
ways
[Music]
I have my ideas but anyway
now that Dallas
let's see what counts is because
will know more information than we do
surely what he told me
cat has told me something
My first time donating, I'll just say good
nights A hug
a little kiss
too much already
My opinion is the same as always, Miare and
Company well let's not point the finger at anyone
Black now
It makes me laugh that now the haters
They will say: Now Dallas is sinking. But
all the previous times that
They said they are no longer valid, now they are valid
Let's see. They sent me one.
They have sent me a scoop.
a scoop to see
one second I'll hear it first
He sent me this, which I think is this
This is from the spaces that that this of
the spaces that do not
[Music]
They sent me this
They sent me this and I don't know if this is it.
These are the spaces not
old to save her presentation no no
no no no no no no no
friend how strong
It's that I ended up in the [ __ ]
They are following her Look at my face
I'm amazed xxd I can't do it
Well let's wait
my goodness uncle
Let's see, it doesn't seem like the way to do it.
report what you are reporting
very personal opinion
very personal opinion, I don't know if this is
It is the most correct way to report
what you are reporting
and poor Elisa always gets caught
because Dalas has people behind it
I'll see if
I'll see if Soul goes up in the meantime and
we talk about gossip
from Hector Portillo's
let's see if soul goes up
Check out Dallas Javi's tweet.
Oh yes yes yes yes
Yes, but my goodness.
He tells me army Yes, that's what he said
livita that forgets about anything
legal movement against wing already
but she knows that there is no
legal movement So this is
simply a movement for the image
So this is simply a plot to
the image
understands me and I think I would say
that with the same people that with the same people
behind
mother of beautiful love
uncle and the years will pass and the years will pass
years And they will keep trying
no no no no but this is not
Javi Capa commented to you in the direct chat.
from the premiere of the video you uploaded
which of them Fabric from the episode of the
series or of the
or the notti
We're going to Saul now, we're going to Saul now.
Soul, let's discuss some gossip.
Great, let's discuss some gossip.
Great, subscribe, give it a like, okay
while we wait for the video of
Dallas we comment we comment a little
gossip with a furry we discuss gossip
with a furry
Good night, very good night, Soul what
such are you
Hello Hello Can you hear me?
You don't hear me, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
Hello hello, can't you hear me?
You hear me there. I do.
Hello
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
Hello, it's you, huh?
Ok, it seems there is some problem in the
call back
Can you hear me? Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello.
Hello, hello, hello, hello
Now hello hello
Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello, hello
hello hello
Well, we have a problem
let's see
[Music]
Now Hello
There you hear me now if you don't hear me
You perfect Yes I hear you there perfect
Sure, good night, how are you, Uncle?
Excellent brother, how are you? How are you?
How nice to be back here.
I'm so glad you're here.
never I don't think I've ever gotten around to it
comment gossip with a furry Note that
and you still won't do it because I'm not
furry
no I'm not this is the image is a
tribute to a pet that one day
I had Ah Guay Guay Guay that is a cat No
yes it is a cat that was a black kitten
when I just started the channel that I
accompanied me when I made videos this
then Almost almost was his channel and
mine then it is no longer anthropomorphic
wouldn't it be a little furry, it's not a little bit
but no but no Well tell me how it is
Uncle, you're delighted to have you here.
We are waiting because I don't know if you have
Since it came out on Twi, we are waiting
another move and we are in the middle of a
direct very chaotic But I like it
I like chaos, I have to tell you something.
now when when we enter in
depth I have to tell you something that
I haven't told you
Okay, tell me, I won't tell you. Now when?
Let's get into the nitty-gritty, okay? I'll tell you.
story Now when we enter
depth if you want and it seems to you like
You have explained it to me very well
audio at the moment you want to give yourself a
a little bit of context to the people who
is hearing about the story because it is
that we until today that I have taken it out
in the newscast he had not spoken about it
issue
the video that you released today not until
then I had not spoken about the subject
So if you want to give it a little bit of
Well a little bit Not much context to the
people what the story is about the movement
like in the audios, I mean, Ah, okay, yes, yes
Yes, yes. Well, look, Javi, why am I lying to you?
that the truth is I have been following
a lot of that gossip they had a capacity for
invisible and Hector Portillo precisely
for the reason that it was given to me it was made to me
It became very interesting to me, there is a
moment in the living room that becomes
quite murky Why Because of
entry the first video that I see of
This invisible cloak girl on her TikTok
It was one saying surely you already know
the videos the tiktoks that I have uploaded
previously and where I do many
hints but now I'm going to explain to you
the context of these hints is not OK
He says this ta ta ta ta and he says everything all
All these hints go to him
Mr. HP no Then I then then
locate Ah well perfect This is the
Hector Portillo HP not for his first was
like putting it live but it was very
the hints were very clear
Note that until that moment I had not
I knew And as I did not follow her in
tiktok I didn't follow her Well I didn't
I knew I think he did like tiktoks type
audio of these comic audios that as
jokes me video memes for the ex nothing
more and and so from that video on it is
where he begins to relate everything about
Mr. HP no And it already starts with one and with
another the most curious thing the most curious thing that
It seems to me that when I said
There is something shady here, it was when she
starts counting because it doesn't count anything
let's say serious that something that was
violence aggressions Not at all what
She starts counting and it seems to me
curious it is
When he says It bothers me a lot
that I gained weight because of the gentleman
hp and I say Why this And then
She starts to tell that it is because he
He liked women who were
fuller And then she says that
started to gain weight because of him I doubt
I doubt quite a bit, I can't invent it
the scene in my head that Hector
Portillo grabbed the invisible cloak and
forced to eat hamburgers and fries
fries and everything else I found
That is, he changed a lot physically in
reality
I have even seen this one in person
I met her well, I got to know her
see when I had been with him for a little while
that in fact I think I won't make it
They took years according to me this
a couple of years I don't think they've been
I think it was less but it confirmed it for you
the data right now is this but yes it was it was not
It was so long and yes I did arrive
See its contents when I was just starting out
before the million Followers already
It's been a while and yes yes of course yes you can tell
change Of course yes change the change
physical Of course it was noticeable It is evident and
They tell me in the chat that Gaby already told him
Sister, I believe you. Yes, indeed, yes.
done yes
I think it comes from a capture that
you put but yes yes in fact yes I don't know
If you put it as a joke but if it has
past He already said it No no it is false
What happens is that I Ah And look, I don't want to
to be like the defender Hector here
Portillo Not to me or and I put it to him in
message: I don't like him, he follows me
falling badly but that is independent of
that what he is doing is correct
your ex is not very independent
that I haven't been able to see them all because
We are talking about two months of
8 minutes of five or so every day
every day telling things like this
that Soul just told you about Que
Well, what incited her that he was guilty of
She gained weight because he told her
that he liked them plumper
and so it began and And that's what they're talking about
Gaby's table just to close
the topic
I had a fight there, he came to me
make a very curious comment about how
I love seeing how my friends
humiliate not because he had a fight with
Gaby Mesa, well, she finished me off.
blocking such never answered me anything
But I did have a fight with Gaby Mesa and
then later he says hahaha
Because she was his friend, they even did it
live together Gaby Mesa and him Then
I found it very curious like the day before
that they are going to take a song from you
you are found and they have been there for two months
telling your intimacies Well that friend
Well, he's applauding because they're going to accuse you.
No, but anyway, continuing with the topic.
This turns out to be a cape
invisible completely assigns its
weight gain goes that is one but what
It bothered me when I said here
It got cloudy when he started counting
He told it as a fetish because there is a
tiktok where she says that to the Lord hp to
Hector Portillo liked to see that she
put on clothes that were not his size and
see how he squeezed her and in the words of
She, like everything, overflowed in her
I'm not counting her words
nothing that I haven't already said then
Exactly exactly then for me it is
As Hey, I'm not interested, I say I'm not interested.
It matters what each person does in their life
fourth as long as it is not illegal
As long as it's not illegal, there's no problem.
But then that little taste that Hector had
Portillo is not here
That's why I don't say holy mother
No, I mean, because you're just telling that.
That's when I followed his line more.
the line the line I started to follow no
and that's when he later takes out the
cell phone anecdote the famous anecdote
of the cell phone that of the two months of
tiktoks a month the cell phone one doesn't Then
She says that she surprised him with
the actor who is going to play Luffy
One in One Piece who is supposed to be
Mexican she contacts him Hey let's go
have breakfast Because look, my boyfriend
Hector Portillo is a big fan of yours. Oh, and the
Oh look, I'm also a big fan of
I would like to meet him. Oh yeah.
they are already on their way in Uber they are going via
Uber to
to the restaurant and where they are going
have breakfast And she says that he always
the cell phone has almost no battery
ends and she always carried a drum kit
laptop then
He says, "Hey, your cell phone has a battery."
because the photo is going to be taken with
Luffy then says to her, "Oh no." And she
He says, "Okay, give me the cell phone, I have it."
battery and I put it to charge in the
anecdote she makes it very clear that they were going
behind the seat then go both of them and
that in the middle of them they put the
cell phone with the battery but she put it
She put the cell phone there. Then it was already
They get off, arrive, eat, and are talking.
ta ta ta ta ta ta ta ta
ends and she says that she says it like this Hey
Can you give me my cell phone so we can have a drink?
the photo of me at the moment she tells
That's what I say, well, it's logical, isn't it?
Because if I gave you my cell phone, why
you carry it is because you have it and
because it was with your drums So there
It's when she says no, because I'm not bringing it.
then a portable battery of what
speak I understand because he will not be there
plugging in no O is the clear one is understood
that it is a portable battery she puts it
in the middle as if he wants to grab it
or whatever and he doesn't take it goes in his
pomp or whatever it is, then also to
kid, he looks a little confused, don't we?
we are going to lie and of course it is seen that when
They get out of the Uber because one goes out for his
door the other through his other door and
They ignore their cell phone and leave it there
exactly exactly it stays there
cell phone they call this let's see and the
cell phone was already off, I called Uber
The Uber didn't answer anymore. Well, now it's known.
He lost this one over there so they take the photo
Something that struck me as strange is that
supposedly took the photo with him
the actor's boyfriend's cell phone she says
that the one who asked the actor takes
they will take the photo and then they will be
They sent it to me, it seemed strange because they didn't send it
took
your cell phone she I don't know I don't know This
yes but in the tiktok she says that she
ask the boy to please take the photo
and then send it to him when he is not there and then
nothing she for some reason does not take the
this one with the photo with his cell phone but
Well, everyone has this information out there.
It doesn't fit. But well, this one there, well.
She actually emphasizes a lot on No he doesn't
He was rude, he didn't yell at me, he didn't say anything to me
clear or so then there is no complaint
complaint was that I She says I felt her
I reject it. Then I say, of course. No.
I would be a little bit too
reluctant yes yes just missed my
cellular
Yes, and if someone stopped by themselves
that does not have a job that depends on
networks are already annoying, imagine for
someone like you like me that we have there
We have the networks, we have the accounts, we have the
Instagram the tiktok the Twitter the
YouTube there and from there it depends on us
life is not this then of course it is
He got upset and said, "No, well, look, let's go."
Now quickly to the telephone company
telephone No lie first they went to
bank let's go to the bank because there I have the
the touch on the account for my
bank accounts were delayed
at any time or however you want
because it was in the morning no
Oh yes, just like they said they were going to
have breakfast Well yes it makes sense Of course yes
to have breakfast because it makes sense that they have
ran to the bank so that it was twelve o'clock
In the afternoon, well, okay. Not yet.
Okay then they went to the bank
they cut the accounts from there they go to
Telcel to cancel the number, the chip and
from there he is that she says Hey then
What are they going to do? No, well, I hadn't finished it.
buy that cell phone and well no, I'm not going to do it.
to do right now no I don't have that expense and
Here it is what seems strange to me and you
You will understand me maybe Or if I know that
It wasn't my fault that your cell phone was lost.
Well, it's okay, I'll take you and accompany you.
and you buy it but here she is
immediately It is offered to this to
buy him the whole cell phone he says in a
tiktok I'll buy it from you
Yes Exactly he feels guilty because
Well maybe he says no, well yes, I left him.
There you gave it to me, no then
gives him the the the the offers him
offers to pay twenty-six thousand pesos
which is more than a thousand euros yes the 26 the
latest iPhone Yes yes the latest iPhone 26
This is a thousand pesos and they say no, well, I'll do it myself.
I'll pay you And then he says No how do you think
I'm not going to let you pay for this.
all complete and she still doesn't say ok
fifty fifty No, it is still offered
to say Well I pay 21 and you pay
five thousand and they are supposed to be there
They buy and say, Hey, if you bring everything
this card, then pay this one
twenty-one and pay it in full I see you
after the five and it is supposed that
Shortly after they finished and it was over
this one and has been asking for a month now and
asking for the cell phone as it is told
anecdote because she insisted a lot that
she would pay it in full that she was going to
pay in full but the cell phone starts
says he feels guilty
Yes yes although she says that according to him the
forces you to buy the cell phone Yes because
makes you feel guilty like, let's see, it's that
Yes, it was her fault. She lost.
the mobile phone is true that it has not
done on purpose are things that happen, no
I was also nervous with the
emotion of the surprise that was going to happen to him
boyfriend okay but it is true that his
blame and he at the time that in the end
I would have ended up buying it for sure
mobile the next day because you don't
there is another one you have to buy one
phone, so if you lose it
phone And more we have to you
buy one but we go the next day
so that it can be seen that at the moment Well he
They're not going to spend my money again and
I just bought that one, you know, but it's
would have ended
Yes, of course, that is, in the end, well,
that we live we work with YouTube Well
We definitely need a cell phone.
we can walk like this every day no
so
precisely it was there they are in
screen a lot a lot of captures
It's not that he is that the cell phone It's that
Give me the cell phone, transfer the money to me and
so much so that it reaches the point that it begins to
produce a song that is born from
a curious idea she says has come to us
forgot to comment on it the mobile the mobile
of crime and I'm not referring to cell phones
but the motive for the crime is that
They cut. Well, more than they cut, he cuts her.
says to take a while let's take it
a time
Let's see how it goes so we don't fall in love
of nobody and then we talk again and that's it
We see if we resume or not and in that time
in nothing like in
weeks no. That is, like two or three.
weeks I think that he will have another one
girlfriend yes Exactly exactly and in fact
I think he was no longer there
work is with this girl and already
Would the other one have bugs or not? Maybe
has gotten to know her later and has
managed to be with her quickly no
I know the truth, suspicious to say the least
suspicious Yes but look that luckily
In none of her tiktoks does she reach
to be able to claim that he was unfaithful because
precisely they leave they leave they give
that month where technically Yes says no
we must fall in love with no one, we must not
know no one but well I say they are
things that can happen were not left out
month was zero contact of a month then
When they return they say, he says, hey
Well, I met this other girl, so... And so...
Well, it's over now, what ends now?
passing by I get an email
an email from a follower who had a
conversation with this with not with with
Hector Portillo with Hector with Hector yes
a conversation with Hector because he doesn't
He came out to declare this nothing only
a silly thing and then delete it because you
Do you remember the messages we spoke about this?
tomorrow yours Yes
We will also see if he doesn't delete it by
He has deleted them, that is, he deleted what they said
see if I have it here at hand
where you put it in the conversation or in
he
I left them in the chat I left them in
this chat Ah well they don't come out Here
Oh yes yes I know if I can do it if I can do it
But sorry
I can't do it
I won't even send it to you again. Oh no.
he sent me an Instagram account
It's the bride's That's the new bride
from the new girlfriend and I'm sending it to you no
for any other reason than because in the
conversations he had with my follower
that he sent me the email he says that she
He is just hiding behind saying that the
July 31st is Harry's birthday
Potter and the author of Rolling Stone and But
that she actually chooses the date of the
July 31st because it's the birthday of
The new girlfriend named Angie has issues
of the account and in fact if you notice
The stories are still in right now
Instagram that he was celebrating the
yesterday with his girlfriend his birthday
precisely he had
They were celebrating the birthday this
because that was what what what what
who was spider-man
quite a lot and he has put himself in the Bio of
the lip of his Twitter he has put
director of a film box office who loves
the chubby ones Exactly what Augusto
Walter or so then
has also removed, that is, yes, exactly
So how do you realize?
cape had not gathered so much courage but
until he sees the new Bride And
So where does the campaign begin and
that's where the real pain begins
don't be here because then he wants to do it
life is impossible for this girl
obviously Why Because okay
and I have the conversations according to
what they send me by mail this
invisibility cloak went to look for the
this girl's ex-boyfriend
girl Angie Aha went to look for the
ex-boyfriend and that according to the words of
Hector Portillo went to send him audios
He went to play audios to affect his
new relationship
That's the detail
a real beadwork But
every rule Of course yes without the same talent
No
Well, this is what you just told me. Well,
we talked today I didn't tell you in the
Main Channel video No ni Para mi
surprise to my surprise that this does
I have said it but now I have told you
Another thing I haven't told you For me
Surprise Well she has trained today a
video clip that had been carrying him for
weeks no And just the announcement as if
it was the big day not on July 31st
great day where she released the song A
HP has released the song in this song
I'm going to go to your Twitter profile that I know
that you have some images not
the lyrics are completely good
addressed to Mr. HP and each character
I was like every character was like
performed in costume
I mean
Yes, I'm going to put the photograph of
It's like Gollum is his name
Well then, and this image that you are
watching on screen
HP would represent Hector Portillo and
The new bride is fine, you saw her well.
similar puts on similar clothes and
He disguises him as One Piece because
He's a big fan and is taking a photo.
with an iPhone and in this part of the
The lyrics of the song say that you are not
forget when you take a picture with her
I didn't buy that phone. Yes, of course.
all this obviously trying to offend
to the new Bride trying to offend the
new Girlfriend but notice that this is very
strong no or because not only is it
publishes the song in the in the
day that on the day that
the bride's birthday but also
contact me because I'm freaking out and I love myself
imagine how he knew who he was not that
has contacted the other boyfriend of the
girl with the girl's previous boyfriend
to exchange information with the
intention to sink the relationship
ruin her new boyfriend's relationship
Okay, and there is one good thing. This is something you should know.
I have told you the first thing if I have
told but I tell people
It turns out that this girl I have counted
This is not on the news and this girl has
appeared in the premiere uncle in the
The premiere of the newscast has been. That is to say, it has been
been throughout the premiere I don't know
if you would know me if you would be subscribed or have
It was a coincidence and it tells me it's not exactly like that
As you say Javi, I think it should
explain the issue of time to us
we gave in quotation marks this appeared to me
video in my suggestions I guess
because it has my name Hahaha since
I hear you say that you don't mind it
manipulation that he did to me to get promoted
I give up, there's no point in explaining it to him.
I was very clear about something in my TikTok and also
He blames me for losing his cell phone.
Hahaha No, well, I'm leaving this video.
That is, she got angry because I blame her.
For her to lose her cell phone is like, let's see.
I don't blame her But if it is just as
You tell it yourself, you are blaming yourself
no I mean
Of course you yourself are blaming her. I mean
you yourself you yourself are blaming yourself
you pay for the video itself, that is, the video that
just uploaded dala Just uploaded it
publish yourself you pay for the mobile because
You consider yourself guilty, okay? Well then.
What I have told you Saul is that good
I contacted Hector Portillo and sent him a
message in case you wanted to come here this
night that we were going to talk about the subject
If you wanted to answer, give your version or what
that it is But I have contacted anyway
with her and she has answered me okay
I tell you what he tells me okay I tell you what
that tells me okay
I say hello good morning. They tell me that
You were in my chat Hello yes me
the video appeared in suggestions not it
I saw everything but a couple of things I caught
Let's see and you said I didn't count them like you did
you express in the video didn't seem right to me either
very good the way you started
me in so many other things and the exclusive
that you said you have neither the things
They are so I can get an idea of who it is
Your source evidently tells me that
Of what I have told, it is not what it is
You just said that about the ex-boyfriend of the
another and the birthday date or
be that the birthday date is
immovable and the thing about the ex-boyfriend is not
Well, maybe he wants to sell it now.
another way
I'm not coming. Well, I don't know who you're referring to.
When you tell me, I can get an idea of
Who is your Source
Who would have thought of Hector, I think?
that in himself Yes in the in the
I'm not here to fight or make you change your mind.
idea about me I understand that your channel is
of gossip and it's your job and I answered
just because I saw your message for being
educated in the end you don't have
candle at the funeral as we would say in
Mexico, so you have nothing to hide.
not here and I tell him I'm going to open directly
tonight talking about the subject you
I would like to go up and explain to you and he tells me
She thanks you for the invitation but I'm going
to pass I do not seek to make attentive to this
Soul message I'm not looking to make gossip
I just want a space to tell my
history
It's been fine for two months Maybe maybe
I don't think so
What have I put in it? Sorry, I put in it.
I put an emoji on it, I'm not looking to make a
gossip And she says I tell her Well a little
yes no a little gossip Yes he tells me no
When I started I just wanted to get rid of the
weight that I carried because I felt that
I would exploit my version, they can
find in the tips and did not want to
Well, the truth is he didn't want to come.
I would have loved to have her for
here to chat with us but
he didn't want to come
I mean
I know, my mother, well no, I don't
It surprises me. I mean, it has me blocked.
and I never ever said anything bad to him, eh?
I never dedicated anything to it at all
bad This is in fact the reason why
He blocked me just because he
I commented something when she was very
upset that YouTube doesn't care
for the mental health of its creators and
I told him, Hey, well, normal as in
any job does not require video recording
And if you don't take it out, then you die. And that's it.
That's why he blocked me from everywhere.
but but yes I imagine It's okay
I understand
I don't understand completely no Well I read it
I have given the opportunity to both of them, I do not
I know if Hector has read me. No.
I know, let's see, I'm going to look, I don't know if he will
will have read or will not have read
account has more or less the same
followers than me on Twitter
I think he would have realized it
truth of the message at this point and not
He answered me because he didn't want to.
maybe not
Yes, it was probably because he is
very aware of everything she publishes
and he's now walking all day long
on Twitter because they have even
escaped a few Likes from the
that he already realized and then he grabbed it
There it says I have it up to date on everything
What I upload then Potos Well yes
surely he's always on
Twitter checking what it says and and
Now after the cell phone thing, well
He ended by telling random anecdotes
that she paid for the Ubers that he
I envied his PlayStation 5 little things
as well as smaller they go
not surplus, but in the end
What I remember most from all this
The topic is how I like it the most
What was striking was the image of the dobi, not the
image of Dobby from Harry Potter when
I'm from Harry Potter, you know, never stick
He has never called me Lore again.
from Harry Potter at all but no no O
what references there are within the
video clip of costumed characters Y
why then there is the own the own the
Harry Potter himself uses it there
fact got to the point of wanting to do the
something so great that the voice that is the voice
that is heard at the beginning this is capable
You don't know because of Spain, yes or I don't know
is the actor No he is not the voice actor he is
Harry's official voice actor
Potter or rather contacted him, contacted Victor
ugarte Seriously yes yes yes yes yes one
imitation no no no at the end of the
credits are Victor Ugarte and well me
I know a lot about Victor's work.
and this and it's him it's him or so yes it
contacted him in the credits appears
Victor Ugarte as a great project
done eh
[Laughs]
called this one to him then to this one
that we say What is the name of another one after
tiktoker named Cristian Magazo who is
I suppose that I am a lawyer in my time
I came to think that it also has me
blocked in your time I reached out to you
comment on something on tiktok because that
Cristian Magazo became a video
saying that any complaint that comes from
a woman against a man must be believed
100% No, I told him no, no
you don't have to believe it 100% directly
without proof So he is the one
appears with blue headphones and a jacket
leather he is that guy a bearded guy
that appears in the video This is a
tiktoker and then the other one who has the
Luffy's hat is Andrs Navi another
another youtuber also this one about little things
kicks is practically he doesn't then
because there is a relationship with them in
the video clip because they are friends because
There is some cameo, he is very good friends with her.
He is a very good friend of hers.
He is a very very good friend then he was there
supporting supporting supporting in fact then
I highly encourage you to do this because
that can be seen on Twitter and yes
were there this he comes out then for
attract more people not to promote that
appears magazo couple for no one Yes for
show support I am completely and yes
There it appears at minute five Thirteen
It appears that he ordered to bring the al just as he did
official Harry Potter voice actor
so that Victor Ugarte could come out Then
it was done quite a lot by
for a man no, that is, for an ex
I'm going to see how many views the video has.
81,000 because I thought it was going to be like
more viral Me too
for what is being given, be clear people and
everything has gone viral a lot and it is
like many people waiting for that gossip
but of course it's like it's like the
world of entertainment and YouTube costs
a lot of passing from one side to the other because
It's very hard for me to lead people
from Tito, that is, I have a lot in Tito
of monthly visits followers also
maybe not as much maybe as another
a lot of people but damn suddenly A lo
better there are videos that have 300 thousand
500,000 and then they don't go to see the
YouTube I say I'm uploading tiktok for
They come to YouTube but they don't go, they don't go
That is, they only want to see the jokes
and here we have another sample not 80,000
views the video is not even trending
From Twitter people talking about the video O
whether this can cause the effect
Soul bounce which is even more spiteful and
more anger Obviously obvious because the only thing
that he dedicated himself to ignoring it
he said absolutely nothing
He only said that the song in
his words were droopy, droopy
the song I don't know if they use it in Spain
but it is as it is, it is bad.
Bad It is cheap and of poor quality it sounds
bad it was a badge, that sounds like that, that's gacha
they are true the song yes no of
fact I think it only keeps more
production yes at least you laugh but
Of course, this is going to be a
little more
better produced but of course she in
I don't know what people will put in his mind
the comments of the truth did not have
that having looked I don't know if there is also
like many people cheering on my sister
Yes, I believe you, reading, you don't.
I don't know if in your mind or in your imagination
because I think that if I were in your
situation or in the situation of someone
her relative I would tell her It's already over
No, no, a month and a half, two months, two
weeks maybe it's not good anymore
It's already worth it, it's already good, but well, I don't know
in your mind Maybe
It's just that on TikTok they really give this a lot
a lot of support and the other exes came out
speak ill of him now too
obviously increased in numbers in their
tiktok accounts the other exes the ones that
They appear at the end in the post-credit scene
From the song they came out to talk
also very bad of him but well I feel
I think the answer is it's going to be a
rebound effect because the only thing that is
dedicated to making Hector Portillo in his
Instagram account is uploading photos
giving flowers to his new girlfriend a photo
giving each other a kiss
taking him Las maanitas singing to him
Hector's position however I
I would be laughing my ass off. So what do you mean?
you would think if I had an ex-partner
recent towards that kind of things Uff me
I am much more aggressive in that timeframe.
and would not have responded as such
maybe he just didn't know it
On my Instagram I don't upload it myself
Instagram if I don't upload a photo
celebrating my girlfriend's birthday in
My Twitter already says
The Barbie ideology does a lot of harm and
Taylor and Taylor Swift because she
suppose in his words he began to
wondering what Taylor Swift would do and if
She would be proud of what I'm doing
do then
What would Taylor Swift do and well this is it
that she would do and I am And she says I am
in my time more Swift and that's why
So
How old are these people in my opinion?
He is more or less my age, according to my experience.
invisible more or less of my age
about my brother
this
Let's see, I don't know, both he and I are very childish.
she doesn't
I've liked him for a long time
truth channel I mean
to the point that I don't know what came out of me
first channels like this on that topic
recommended and we often go there
video of him I'm even going to watch to see what
movie recommends this Boom and has
we're going to get into a kid who does the
videos in a very professional manner
already corroborating the information she has a
She's a year older than me, she's from 95
the one in May Then she has already turned them
He must be 28 years old now if he already is.
I turned 27 and I have
They are very childish, right? A very good attitude.
Infante It is that if I were there, it is
It is true that what is best is what is
doing it because seeing the virality
that is having this tomorrow no longer
Nobody is talking about him and if she already
continue because it's amazing but of course I
If I were in his position with
My new girlfriend watching that girl being
This every day I will be saying
Oh my goodness, how disappointed she is or
be as I have left her traumatized in the
common sense is not like a trauma
because that's what you say, so neither
you're not even counting Hey then
abuse, manipulation, a certain Look
What turns me on makes me feel super offended
because he says that I laughed or that
It seemed fine to me that it is not that
It seems to me neither good nor bad, it seems to me a
inappropriate thing to tell in public that
he asked her to ask him that he ask her
made him gain weight because he liked it
Let's see, maybe that's it
I believe that in all couples in
in a way Hey you maybe not you don't
you are going to force your partner to change no
but maybe Oh well I like it
that when you dye when you put on
This haircut, well, I like it.
more Hey, well I like it, it suits you better
the more you feel better when you wear this
hair color I don't know those things are
typical and then you There are times when the
you want to do it because you feel like it or not
but in the end she did want to take some
kilos of mata it will be Well maybe
It also helped him to take care of himself or
for no but I know they are intimate and
In the end, these are things that they have decided.
under the couple it is neither good nor bad, that is
It seems to me that it seems wrong to tell it
It was precisely from there that I
I grabbed it and from then on it became very
curious and well nothing, well I think everything
We can conclude this, my brother, in
that we have to see what is going to happen
after that she's not going to go out and talk to
Nobody is going to tell you no alone
I already told you that I wouldn't have been there
amazing I would have loved this
I have several questions but oh well
It can't be done, obviously it's not going to be done.
because well, there are some very small things
easy as what I told you about the
easy bill you get your cell phone back this
some accounts inconsistencies such as
I already told you there about why I don't take
she gets the photo like this you get like this
So then nothing my brother, well this
had quite Good This little gossip yes
I loved it. Thank you very much for
let me know, look, you were bringing it to me
saying week and man I'm so crazy and today
I say, look, things are quieter.
I say Oh and I saw you tweeting I say Oh It's
It's true that Soul told me to look at me
This gossip was very good, put it on and
When I looked at it I said no
I forgive not having tried it from the beginning
beginning every night Here to be
been following having made a series of
react to his replacement But oh well
everything from here on out that you think is going to happen
you think that to pass
No, it's not going to stop at all because
end not at the end of the day doing me
which is like playing tag in the yard
I feel like I'm having a break and because right now in
your on your tiktok Yes yes yes applause bravos
This bill reigns, as Shakira would say.
not this one and but then he's going to find that
Well, outside of TikTok, outside of that
bubble and when it comes out to the public
public, well no, it's not going to do the thing
as expected, it is not going to work for him either.
ruin Hector Portillo's life
because whoever their fans are and whoever
have had the head to listen to it
They will realize that no, they don't.
did absolutely nothing serious, something of
Any relationship that ends and you leave
with another person and then everyone does it for themselves
so
anyone would understand that Hey maybe
This girl has attitudes in the
a somewhat intense relationship and that's why the
Chava was crazy to take it away from her
on top completely completely and
Well, right now the only thing that's going to happen is
I think so, let's be honest because
if it is already intense in this chest mode
I don't want to imagine her in a relationship
Also, if you realize when you already
You're telling about the cell phone thing because
example the episode of the cell phone finally
I did something finally I did something good
I prepared this surprise I felt not
I wanted to spoil this moment it's like
with an intensity that is as good as
see
Well my brother, thank you very much for
stop by here I'm waiting to see
the podcast the other day with the old man
I hope you like it I hope you like it was very
Well, that's what we talked about this
it is not less it is less we had there
interesting things there like
economic things compared to Disney
so and this and there are so many things that
we were getting into Twitter so much
Dross like me and the laughs that we had
we release not moving the day before not as
just just
a huge hug Well if there is someone
who does not know the Soul channel
worlds the world of Soul I recommend it to you
incredible well the other one we were already there
watching a video of yours here, the one about Barbie
when I left I'm going to see him there to see what
I love it. A hug, brother. Let's talk.
We are in contact, see you very much
Thank you, thank you to your audience, see you later.
Have a nice night, see you later, huge
a huge kiss How big How big me
I love, I love to hold Soul
film critic
and involve him in all his [ __ ] face
here to gossip talks, I mean I think that
are things that can only be
come here
I have to I have to call Dross I have
that calling Dross took a lot of
I've had it in my head for a lot of weeks
with I'm going to call Dross I'm going to call
Dross but oh well how are we doing how are we doing
I'm always stoned, it always passes me by, right?
Yes, well, how could I not find out how?
so I don't find out if I'm already reading you
If I'm already reading impatiently that
Dallas has uploaded the video okay I break it
silence is worth it Dalas has broken all the
silence son okay break it
silence theme olivita
I break the silence on the subject of Olivita, let's see
break the silence my dala let's see
break the silence, the dala, do we see it or what?
do we see it or what
let's see
We can see it. Yes, of course, why not?
of course we see it but I'm going to ask you to
everyone and I'm going to watch over you and I'm going to
I'm going to ask you all to watch out for yourselves now.
same as those of you who are watching the live or
In deferred mode I don't care, okay?
you pop the like button
that on the one hand you break the button
like that you press the button
subscribe ok well we have already given
context this story a little Look
that
capricious how capricious in life and
what and how curious has been the destiny that
for good
Andy is doing the series of the
reaction I made to the cape video and
It has been concentrated for a long time in the
editing is putting a lot of details into it
and you have seen today's video separately
From the news we are uploading the series no of
my reaction to the cape video and if you
You realize then that it is very with
many details, the super-well-crafted edition
no And then the second one was delayed
episode I would have liked to take out the
Monday the first Tuesday the second
Wednesday the third and Thursday the
fourth but today I'll take out the first tomorrow
will take out the second and tomorrow is the one
touches on the subject of Oliveta, the naked torso and
These things were not discussed in the
layer video
But well, it's already there, it will be uploaded tomorrow but
Just imagine, if we had taken it out
today would have coincided in time with
With this move, Dallas has risen
a video responding to everything
olivita what catches my attention
which is already calling my attention
video so the first thing I'm watching is
which says part 1
a 40-minute video
Let's see, I told you yesterday, I told you
yesterday there are many things on the subject of
Olivitas, there are many things that many
Thanks worser for giving away another 10
members have given themselves well today
Javier, they have given you a kiss today.
I think they are
127,136 members and with this handful of
subscribers and members who are with us
Giving away a bag again, well, we're doing very well.
very very very paths and you see the bar
Well, we are well on our way to 3,000.
members could arrive tonight
We could reach 3,000 tonight.
members So I ask you all for
Please give him a push
give it a go and what the [ __ ] then renew it?
let us not fall, let us not fall down
that we do not fall into oblivion I break The
Silence settles the issue of Olivita
Part 1
with
40 minutes with 40 minutes part 1 But
because this is how Dallas starts, Oliveira
a topic that Dallas doesn't talk about because it's
his Achilles heel is kryptonite
Kryptonite, Dallas Kryptonite
a theme that shows that you will give is a fart
and they say all this based on the fact that
Well basically I never dedicated a video
specific to this topic but the truth is
that I answered in 2018 2019
Mr. Thank you very much, there was no video.
specific never of the subject levita
that video
when we were enemies
There was a video that he is like in the
that place that recorded that looked like the
entrance to a terrace you know where you are
I say where I had the second debate with him
2020 and recently also another
damn there's a reason about it
why I never made a specific video
about extreme I know that many now
You've recently been telling me no
Don't feel sorry for her anymore
don't feel any pity for her
come out to hit you with everything and to contradict
you have to answer yourself
Come on, don't feel sorry, I don't know.
respond, things become clearer and that's it
No problem
calm down taking out blah blah blah blah that's not it
prevents me from feeling Honestly
I feel sorry for her, honestly, because it makes me feel
It's a shame the things she has, she's not one
person who is mentally healthy and
I'm not saying this to attack her but because
truth is not mentally in your
full capabilities And this is something that
It is an objective fact, so I am going to tell you
tell below well for those who
you don't know exactly what the topic is
olivita which is what so many people bring me
years taking out is a constant rehash of
The year 2018 will soon be a
decade a decade that this happened But
Well, I'm going to tell you a little summary.
and the reason why I never made one
video the reason was mainly because
pity and because we have also been years
and a year without solving things and then
suddenly attacked me again in a way
free in addition to all that I also
It's a shame for your family that also doesn't
They want me to continue
It's not just that the family doesn't want to
that this topic continues to be discussed
not only that he doesn't want the family
that this topic is still being talked about but
that in theory she is not worth it either
that has always been saying that it is worth it
They pressured her and came and pressured her.
to bring up the subject again, which was already
I want to forget it, I don't know what it's worth
He tells her we'll solve it now or do I have to?
To answer there is reason to hurry
I think as soon as I can communicate I will
talk about the subject with her I don't think so
continue this fight and publicly
It may serve no one, but that's what I believe.
Okay, me talking to the father trying
avoid making this video
Exactly, okay, this conversation is from today.
but apart from that it is not that this
conversation today is that Dallas has
spoken with Olivita on a few occasions
during these years because she has
contacted him and told him, Hey look, come on
This is happening to me This is happening to me
another ok or so there is basically
things she has said in those audios
from today that seemed like I was reading
but there are things she has said that no
They are true, it is that they are not, I don't know which one it is
the reason I don't know what the motivation is no
I know what the reason is why
told things that are not because you already know
who has said things today that are not the
topic but she is determined to
destroy the race and decently
He dedicated himself to making some audios in which he
He even messes with my physique saying that
I have a horrible face and well more
things we are going to listen to
continuation But first of all a
a little bit of context for those who don't have
not the slightest idea of what the topic is
Olivita, what happened, I don't know.
how many And this is a topic that he likes
much to refloat the sick who
They are super obsessed with me because
It's basically the story of a girl
with which they accuse me that I spoke had
13 years old
The thing is that I think that in the
mind of those little channels and
others who are like super we are not the
new vigilante against Dallas I don't know what
No
I think it's like they sell it.
like Dallas or whatever but it surprises me
much to know about Dallas' life
It's better that his girlfriend doesn't know
stay like this has spoken and everything there is
but it is not only that there was
answer is You don't have to talk to me
with Dallas to learn more or less about
What the move is about is that publicly
There are many tests And many things and
many moves and a lot of context is worth it
The thing is that they see it as and
They sell it as if it doesn't give the This is
Kryptonite This is the topic of which
Dallas never wants to talk, it's like
as if he never wants to talk but yes
it comes out every [ __ ] year
The thing is that of course you can't
be every time that or that is that I do it
I said the other day interesting or it happened to me
a series of moves that I also said
I can't be logging in every time
someone comes out of me because of course
looking for an answer because when
I answer you have a topic, I don't know what, no
I know how much you can't answer
to each one who suddenly fancies it
That you answer him in a video is fine. And
Since you don't answer him in a video, then you
take another one out taking this topic out and if not
You answer that you have something to hide, no
You can do it. You already know what you are.
You have a clear conscience. You know.
what happened and whoever wants to search
well, that's it
I'm talking about almost a decade ago
What this girl did was in 2018
expose modified conversations
And now I will explain why they are
modified so they could try to treat me
that I'm a fart that I did to him
grooming and a lot of crazy stuff that
they are simply not true again now
I explain why at the time in 2018
I already answered this topic at that time.
Honestly, I was 100% sure.
that he was lying about his age and
who was actually of legal age in
every moment to this day I am still not
sure but I see more possible that in
reality if it were true that I had
that age and because I was so sure
at that time she was older than
age even when I talk to myself
It's been almost a decade. Well, basically.
because the girl was dedicated to going in
Twitter sending photos of herself in
swimsuit with names written on it
youtubers in the body Well basically
to bait them into opening it
private message her right now
He would tell me things like that he was dedicated to
play strange trolling games
pretending to be younger but that
In fact, he was a minor from there.
some conversations that I will now talk about
Of them the question is that the first
The first time this topic was brought up was in
in the middle of a debate discussion I had in
exactly that same year in 2018 and I
They mentioned it at the time and I didn't have the
the slightest idea of who he was more than
nothing because I didn't remember her no
He was a very relevant person
we talked precisely a lot later when
I remembered her I remembered that a person who
It was these people who suddenly
They get angry about everything they have like a
point where you see that something is wrong with them
not only because of toxicity but because
really suddenly and out of nowhere
They start to get angry and I remember that
did several times for videos I made on
that
despite everything the haters generate
a lot of money
Well, but no, but there is no desire always
It's not that there is no desire or need or
Sea is dala does not need to be this video
because this video is going to have two or three
millions of visits you want to have
no, this topic may have more to it
from the account in a 40-minute video
but it's not going to change its economy
doesn't need anything, surely there would be
state I would have preferred to be in today
eating ice cream with Lizzy with the
that I didn't agree Then
I just blocked her and never came back.
never again make of your existence until
years later in 2018 before starting to
show you the evidence that by the way
tell you some of the tests that I am going to
mention I know you're trying
catch me with this and I must tell you that the
tests that I have mentioned to you, not the
I can put here because we are talking
First of all, it is sensitive material
We are talking about explicit material
that she was dedicated to uploading to networks
social that was publicly
available to everyone I that
material not stored I do not have it no
I have shared it and I will not share it
I don't mention it here either. Only with
the objective of you understanding is that they have
lawyers is that this person was made
pass for an adult and published
literally explicit things of sin
no type of clothing either from little
clothes to without any kind of clothes at all
social networks
Let's see what this is objectively like.
It's not that you're putting it on or
nothing of the sort, that is to say objectively
It is like that in fact there is a video that I believe
that we listen to a piece of audio the other
day is a video in which she is with
Messi vergas no that is a video that
It is deleted today and she speaks and
is doing there as a kind of
campaign there were several videos many years ago
videos with him and so on and in that video in
concrete were doing like a
kind of campaign because Instagram
had closed the account that was a
account in which she had uploaded
content like that and how it was
complaining that I had deleted him
Instagram account not in some of
them specifically Tumblr and also
On Twitter, I can't find out those things.
Show videos here too by the way
We'll also talk about that on YouTube.
but then we can have those videos
Here you can choose well to believe me
You will have my word that is what you
I recommend because I am not going to incite you
to be trying to search and rescue
This material, although it is
publicly available I'm not going to
be here recommending that you look for
that kind of material Although again
I repeat it was during and now it could be
sue Yes, let's see, I could sue her.
We have lawyers too in
This girl from Argentina or moved No
I know it's okay, but let's see, there the law
it doesn't work so much so the demands don't
They work like this, you're going to hit 11
Years of fighting, the girl might leave
They are going to condemn her to declare bankruptcy.
at 200 euros in short
Let's see. I imagine that if there comes a point
in which his balls inflate a lot. Well
maybe yes I don't know for many years
that publicly available speaking of
super explicit material that she
I was dedicated to uploading to the networks when
supposedly he was 13 the only reason
for which I have never dedicated a video
specific to this topic is because I know that
has a bad time Every time we talk about
This topic is a person who has been
hospitalized for having problems with
drone has and before that I already had
problems at a mental level and it is a
person that again I do not say it for
mess with her but she's really not there
balanced then the reason why
I never made a video before because
Although there are a lot of channels of
sick people who never stop bringing up this topic
every year again and again and again I don't
I wanted to attack her more than anything
because even since last year or so
in April 2022 which was the last time
that I spoke to her, we had agreed
Ok with this topic and that's it, I had already
promised that he would never return to
mention this topic again and never again
I'm going to mention it even though
new had been silent for a long time but
the reason why I'm in this video
now it is precisely because he has taken out
some audios that we will now listen to
accusing me of a lot of things accusing me
until I want to search like this
exemplary and that is totally
absurd in short really that is not true
relating I think that is something that
They told her to say okay because
They will be relating it to the fight that
is having Dalas with other youtubers
and so on It's not ridiculous to tell you That's true
important before starting that I know
They have been preparing the ground, look, look
gives them threats look what he has done
said Dalas look what Dallas said
in this video it is late or not and now it
they fit together in this way
I do not speak to minors in fact.
There are many people who have tried me
speak in the past, the recent past and
not so recent also that when I
They said they did not have the majority of
age I told you I'm sorry but no
I talk to minors and I know that by talking
nothing happens you are not making a mistake
crime But it is also that I pass
Made on my discord where you all can
get in from a certain point on I said
You know that no more minors and if you don't have
over 18 years old and you present your
ID you can't get into my
discord chat talk why because
I don't want to talk to minors, not even
in a group but on no topic is that not
I feel like it and you can confirm this.
everyone and really or not to everyone
that you have entered my discord or
you have even spoken at some point
with me and I told you I'm sorry but no
I speak to minors and I urge you to go out
talk about this topic because I don't
I allow Minors in my score and I don't speak
with minors this point is not clarified either
I'm also going to clarify another thing and that is that
at the same time that some tests do not
I can show them to you because I told you
It is explicit material that I will not
to expose here and although I do not have either
I wouldn't expose him too I have other
extra things that I'm not going to expose
publicly More than anything because they are
absolute things that face to face
a demand that is already written on my part
and if it is not yet presented it is
because I don't have this girl's data
but that would basically make it so that without
remote place of doubt both she and the
parents at least had a criminal record
penalties for modifying and falsifying things
in case this had happened
filed a complaint that I also don't know
If it is true that he reported me
but in case it were so I have
things that I'm not going to tell you here that
They are not necessary either, you will see that
currently lying even and shown
These things but they are so so
absolute that would demonstrate beyond any doubt
doubts that it would be a complaint
totally falsified in terms
legally what a false complaint is
It is important to emphasize that in order for it to
can legally pursue you have to
demonstrate absolutely and perfectly and
complete that the person has searched for
invent the tests of form
conscious and this is something quite
difficult to obtain on a regular basis
Well, I have it. Anyway, don't you
I'm going to show it here because I'm keeping it to myself.
but with what I'm going to show you you are going to
see that is more than enough to see
that this doesn't make any sense
well before you start listening to the
audios and deny them we will move on to
One more basic thing is that this lady
He was dedicated to lying about his age
there is constantly a post on
Facebook that she made from her own
account in which he responded to a
person and I told him I'm 21 hairy this
publication is from the year 2017, that is to say a
year before it was made public
known the whole issue of her against
mine and her defense to say this
It's that two things or one I have
I invented a time machine to go
a year ago and make a post in
his own Facebook lying about his age
even before he attacked me
publicly a year ago and two that
account was not his and it was hacked
and it's like let me understand usually
when your account was hacked if it was
hacked we were talking about it in the
video when we saw the video of capa la
account if it was hacked but they were
hacked later
Okay, they kept it afterward and I think that
They impersonated him but later
account is to steal your money or to
make some kind of profit from it
because they were going to hack your account
join comments lying about your age or
whatever the meaning is and apart in a
comment a comment that is not going to
there is no one because it is a response to a
comment within some photos or that is
that no more makes sense
remotely absurd possible that that
be a realistic scenario and I'm going to do it
to do he started saying that he was hacked
the accounts and although I don't know if it's true
that after the controversy with me you can
have you had an account hacked?
I know those comments are from before
the alleged hacks on top of that are also
contradicts itself where it specifies and
publicly reveals that she was dedicated
to upload that type of content
This capture is not the same as the one we saw
the other day when we reacted to the video
of layer if it is not the same it is more or less
by the way in groups where also and this
research is not even mine but in
These groups did not even exhibit their material.
explicit was his father there involved
within those groups which you stay
how can it be
This is something I didn't want to say yesterday
Okay, this is something I didn't want yesterday.
say but in those Facebook groups in
those that she was in some groups
from Facebook and in those Facebook groups
Well, they publish certain content, okay?
And in those groups the father is in that
group or rather it's like that
you are seeing what this is doing
girl on the internet you know so that's why
I said that it has an atmosphere and a
complicated environment So what father is there?
within the groups where their supposed
13-year-old daughter is uploading material
explicit herself not only that but
that at that time was more dedicated to
make collaborations with other YouTubers
in which he made the collaborations
literally coming out in his underwear and
I'm talking about when it's already supposed
that I was 13 there is a photo that again
I can't show you here but it was the
photo with which I was beaten
manage to have a brief conversation
with me and in that photo it basically appears
her in the mirror taking a selfie and
wrote Dallas on the mirror part
This photo was taken almost one day ago
The photo shows her, I think, wearing a swimsuit.
but I'm not sure and it makes me very
grace Because all these channels of
sick people are always dedicated to publishing
the same photo of her that comes out with the
puffy cheeks so that it looks like
a little girl in today's plan Look
Dallas that clearly the girl appeared
a real girl the photo she dedicated to me
to me and other photos that he dedicated to others
different youtubers because they were dedicated
to mention different youtubers and
put their names on both their body
as in the real mirror if you saw
I'm not going to show you that photo again.
here although it is publicly available
I challenge anyone to try to say if
truth can suspect that that girl is
minor a girl who is dedicated to climbing
explicit content of yours to networks and
In addition, a photo in a swimsuit is dedicated to
clearly she does not look like, let's say, with a
body that may suspect that it does not have
over 18 years old at no time I
I can take myself to raise from Oh yes to what
You'd better lie to me about your age.
Likewise and then I repeat to the girl the
I blocked it because I found it really weird
very suspicious attitude and also
extremely music So Good
then he ended up doing the same in
I will be showing several screens
research captures that neither
It's not even mine showing off her pile of
tests that are available
publicly about how she dedicated herself
also to actively seek out a
person who had an application that was
dedicated to falsifying conversations of
Twitter this investigation I repeat nor
It's not even mine but it contains a lot
We were also talking about this yesterday
when we saw the video of cape okay or so
There's a group of kids on Twitter like this.
It's a thread on Twitter that's worth it.
I can't tell you the bill but
because I don't know for sure that the cat
Do you know any of these? This thread is worth it.
This is a person who is a fly virus.
makes good computer programs
software and so on no and this guy well
He was telling other people that
This girl Olivia
around there around that time or whatever
attempted to contact him to
use an application that he had
to modify chats this shows that
the chats are fake or something like that
style no it doesn't show it but it is clear
strange no, at least not, I mean, what do I know?
It is an indication, it is an indication that we have
There, hey, it is known that this girl is
that it be
contacted a boy contacted a
person who has a software channel
among the programs that it has Well it has
a program that is for manipulating
conversations
What does the boy say in those conversations?
I don't know if I don't know if those will come out now
no captures but I think we were there
seeing the other day when we reacted
to the cape video Well the boy in those
conversations says that if the
conversations are false because it comes out
quickly note why they have errors
on the date or on I don't know what I don't know how much
the combination is that I have published
Olivia has mistakes yes she has some
errors that I don't know why they are there
mistakes that are irrelevant to me
understands
So now everyone can do it.
trust her or not trust her
a lot of evidence about the
manipulations and falsifications of this
Girl, I also have to tell you one thing, look
Here it is I don't think I remember what he asked me for
help in 2017 but I don't know if the
I have used and I don't remember what with either
Clarity if he had asked me for help with that
That is really important and it is that in
At that time, Twitter allowed you not to
just delete your own messages Look
important people and that is that in that one
apk had bugs like slow loading
screen what is modified can be
to alter it was not necessary to have the on
apk in the background as it was going
directly from files as a
few Twitter voice settings you
allowed not only to delete your own
messages but it refreshes the page
guys
everything that is computer science, everything that
be it in images everything that is everything is
everything can be done unless it is
certified expert, I don't know of any
moved because I have edited sometimes
nor does the penetrated have to have certain
controls and certain, that is, everything that
be conversations guys complicated
difficult to prove
But let's go, this thing about Cara is already here.
internet here everyone can think what
who wants there will be a certain group of
people who will always think the same
Same as Dallas, he understands me, that is.
I just had to see the chat before
when we started to comment on the
today's live stream no
and they're not going to get off from there, you understand?
So why are you going to put yourself to it?
fight against it If that is a
cry no, they will always be there no
but in front of a court you carry the
video of olivita updating down
and that is of no use, that has to be there
certified what you are teaching me
There are some conversations and update Yes
You can do whatever you want but
is that that could be a video that you have
made with a montage
Soto Thank you very much A kiss
We need to update the Claro page now.
Well
which by the way still allows you to do it
you can buy yourselves AND
then he is innocent because until
that the contrary is proven yes
Christopher, you can now believe what you
whatever you want in each case, in the case of
age can you believe it that the
conversations are real or not and in the
From Town the same as Face to a court I
I would tell you that about Town I would tell you that
It is not worth it either
unless the emails were in the possession of the
people no because the Town people were
emails that corresponded to the md or
there were several connections No
because he also had email dmd in his
email account in the inbox
that connected directly with the MD of
Twitter also no then that will be possible
today it could be verified But if
They are simply captures that you have
engraved the one you have engraved with the
mobile what you have recorded with the
obs anything that is not worth it you get that
can make an Editor
and give any DM with which person
write a message and you will see that if
you give the three dots it allows you
delete the message Ah No wait yet
allows it man this is incredible I
I thought I didn't allow it, I want you to
Please note this message here is not
worth of a person I'm with
talking if I give more options
Let me delete it anyway.
That is, I can perfectly modify
a conversation on Twitter and delete
I still thought this couldn't be done
but you can delete both your own
messages like other messages
person then of course How many times have you
I have taught you how easy it is to make one
conversation and delete the messages that
they suit you to represent something
which has nothing to do with In fact in the
channel I have some videos making
joking with this let me see look at it
how easy it is to modify a conversation
This is incredible, it's a video that
I did a while ago trolling the
My sister's boyfriend and here's what I did
was to have a conversation with him
saying how much he likes to eat ice cream
and what I did was then delete the
specific messages, please delete them
These messages and finally what
ends up happening is that a comes out
conversation saying well and how are you
would like to do it to me and says then with
the tongue I think I like with the tongue
like everyone else, it contains that
ability to eliminate both your
own messages as the messages of the
another person that is also a thing that
I think we talked about it too when
we saw the cape video, there is not much
people who think that everything is fine
responding to certain things in the part
in which they talk about traveling I don't know what
move
There are people who take it for granted that it gives the
he's telling the girl to run away
with him not to run away with him or whatever
be perfectly Maybe the
conversation there was a message in which
She is telling him Hey do you think that
I can take a plane for a friend
in Paris and the milk answering then
look at it maybe yes I think that
from 14 I think from 16
you can travel
I'm making this up but for example
because it is extremely easy to pick up and
change things and precisely in
reference to this is the proof I have
that I'm going to show you here because I
I keep because in the case where yes
that I receive a complaint because it will
end very badly for her and her family
I'm not clues But well Anyway the
conversations that he exposed in his day
They also had super modifications
absurd, such as the dates that
they came out totally different it's not going to
to file a complaint for that, that is to say,
that there was a complaint for that has
that to be or that is for that for that
had a journey would have to be what
I tell you
What do I tell you?
It's because the girl is telling you
who has had conversations with him
only only only specifically
That's why it's not going to process one
complaint
It would have to be that I don't know what example
put or the truth is I don't want to say one
barbarity here on YouTube but I would have
to be something stronger something stronger
a bunch of messages from me that were
answering absolutely nothing and
suddenly a single message from her loose
don't let it be seen that I'm answering
I'm asking questions that later
first three messages are coherent
but the room is a bit strange, I don't know
I suppose with your parents' permission.
In Spain I know that from the age of 14
You can travel alone, that is, look at you, eh?
Spain I know that from the age of 14 you can
traveling alone here perfectly A lo
better missing the question of this is the
example that I just gave you, man, it is
that you only have to apply a
a little bit of logic and I also think that
Over the years I have a
thing with the passing of the years but so much
for all sides I mean it's not because
position myself but for all sides
always
disbelief always always
understands me and especially when you are
seeing that there is some intention
media
If you tell me that suddenly
it appears that
I know that Dallas has been
accused because suddenly a person has come out
something that I don't know that I don't know how much because there
You say that is what was here that
The police have seen that the authorities
have seen to impute but a person
that is in certain space that is in
certain live shows he's doing
certain interviews
There you know, there your aunt says that here
what is the intention
or they never have an answer I'm not going to
to specifically analyze all the
conversation because we didn't even finish
tomorrow but in short repeat it again
She did lie, with age her
explicit material to social networks and in
life you could say was a girl
You could never say that in your life at 13.
And again if you have seen the photo where
She writes Dallas on the mirror and
He takes the photo to bait me into talking
with her he made several with
different youtubers you will know not you
I'm going to show it here but if you have it
Having seen that photo, you will see that the photo that
is indicating to spread the channels of
her trash with the inflated Morros
It is not at all adjusted to reality
absolute is more there are times when I am
sincerely hoping that it reaches me
denounces more than anything to be able
debunk this issue once and for all
and finally be able to have a sentence
that condemns both her and her
family Because in addition it is already dedicated By
true to publish other things like her
smoking some joints this fat and
literally a photo of her with
his face forming a tremendous mess
also another quite relevant point
What I would like to ask you is
exactly why since she doesn't stop
all the time saying today because Dalas
He was involved with many more minors
because it turns out she is the only topic
that they constantly take me out literally
There are no more topics, it's just whether it's the torso
the sentence of the torso not that also
We were the other day explaining the
long laying man What a shame that the
episode of [ __ ] that would have been nice
I came in time, I didn't have a [ __ ] thing
idea, I mean, it didn't even cross my mind
that this topic was going to come up neither today nor yesterday
nor tomorrow is worth it but how could it have been
been the timing uncle that on Monday
the first would have been published
episode that I recommend you watch it is worth it
that has turned out very handsome
I'm going to recommend you watch it
the first episode is worth tomorrow
the second episode is published uncle and the
The second episode is the one that deals with these
Olivet issues the sentence and all the
what a [ __ ] naked torso dude
the one they gave to the [ __ ] one, the one they gave
Not the one they give today with the [ __ ]
[ __ ] torso dude but it's that you
You say uncle that it can't be, it's just that it can't be
It may be that the years pass by, but no
It may be that years go by and they continue with
the same things
You know
It's that it's a lot of fabric, it's that inside
In five years, another YouTube group will emerge
new that want a trampoline or you know
what I tell you and they will say because of this issue
fact that Dallas does not want to respond to
This topic is the kryptonite of
Dallas, I'm going to put a video on that title.
tomorrow's kryptonite of giving the review
doesn't want to talk about it
Javi might think he'll come up tomorrow.
It also serves to be booming all this already
but today would have been a timing today
it would have been a powerful timing
Well, she is there and why? Because
basically lied about his age
people by the way say oh no Dallas but
It's that even if you didn't know if
you were deceived you are equally
responsible because you spoke to a
minor and I don't know how to repeat it anymore
honestly if you don't know the age
from someone And he lies to you about his age and
Furthermore, it is clearly visible publicly
as he is dedicated to publishing all kinds of
explicit material that this material
new let's see if we are talking about a
something in which you don't know the age or not
You asked the age but it is something
obvious that it can be seen at first glance
Obviously, you are responsible there.
but we are talking about we are
talking about the fact that there is a very context
enlightening or I don't have it I don't possess it
I have not shared it and I will not share it and
Claire says Dallas didn't know her age.
Poor little Hitler, really.
I don't know your age, I don't know.
if you ban because it seems that you have
five years old, man, and that's really already
what an ass dude look I don't want to
ban again, that is, I removed the ban
to 400 people last week because
You helped me reach 100,000
interest at zero but you have
you've been stuck for a [ __ ] year
banned is that I imagine this to this
I imagine these specialist people
throughout the year they will have been in the
chat and in the comments of the
dog extracts dog poop Dalas
Dallas buttocks buttocks
and they will have been there talking alone there will be
I swear to you, eh
the type error called I will touch myself
You can send the sentence that was there
Here in Spain please, I'm sure that
you have it at hand is that no no
literally sure it has been like that
I'm sure they've been here all [ __ ] year
So they only Because if he has it
What to see are special people are people
special uncle and here but it is in hands
of my lawyers from day one you
you cannot be held criminally responsible for
something like this she knows I think
perfectly that's why I think the only thing
What's left is to dedicate yourself to trying
ruin myself and do such low things as
the one I'm going to listen to next
couldn't couldn't make a harem of
minors had to go and get caught
an old woman to save her situation
really pathetic and repulsive that you
you dedicate yourself to attacking someone who doesn't have
absolutely nothing to do with it and I dedicated it to you
her name will be my old girlfriend then she is
the girl is playing the victim and
pretending to be the victim of the Great
abuse
I'm going to give him a compliment
I wish many 30 year olds would like to.
be like that old lady eh
I mean, many of them would like to
look like that old lady, huh?
his master lied and gave himself away
God, if you were Dalai Lama
Let's see, it's not right in the tone that it is
making the video
It's fine in the tone you're making
the video is being taken as it is
You have to take it, or rather, it's fine.
let's see
the man they caught has been released
with a minor in a hotel because he didn't know
the girl's age
that if you don't know it, it's because you
they deceive with age
thanks, it's time if they deceive you with the
Lizy's age is a queen But well but
It's just that she's pretty on the outside and
Inside, it is a charm.
intelligent I think that I think that
Dallas is a bit affected in that sense.
as it suits me
when certain things happened to me
that the attacks and campaigns began
against me if you realize in all the
kinds of strong things more or less than
they have passed me hard
Have you not realized that the attacks
They always go like my family, well, but
in the case of giving it I think it's like
different because Alicia attacks me
I think they also have a certain tint of
envy
for x reasons that occur to me and
I'm not going to mention
Alicia is prayed to and that's it.
Alicia Lorena but but no no but in the
Lisi's case, of course, being the girlfriend of
I think there is some truth there.
a certain move no and has to endure
a certain downpour today, who knows?
then there are also people who dare to
compare this topic with the topic of
coscu pretending you can't
talk about coscu because you have the thing
limits is like let me understand that
exactly has comparison that the
Coscu dedicated himself to abusing a girl
who was unconscious and each with him
This case was literally her
who put herself alone in the eye of the storm
attacking me in 2018 for free when
I didn't even remember her at that moment
and listening to what is said here too
that they are taking from Dallas with the
stolen cell phone showing the proof but
I still want to
shut up shut up apart me
I will come down to God and show that
Dallas is right on this issue
As in others, I play my hand and not her.
I miss that all these become atheists
and defending the doctor
to the doctor
saying that
as it was what he said that no that the
girl uploaded those stories that
The girl uploaded the photo to her
Instagram didn't want to read any more of this.
but now here he is talking to several
sick ultra-harassers of mine and During
I miss you this podcast that made with
They made a specific accusation that
I don't know if I'll be able to find it
Because it takes several hours saying that I
I tried to bribe her with a cell phone for
They mention that here in a way
mobile phone that tries to bribe her
to remove the complaint from me with a
mobile phone The truth is that this
girl likes to talk a lot but not
shows absolutely nothing because this
is totally far from reality
This conversation is for the first time
that we talked again That I talked again
she spoke to me
Crazy Olivia Argentina
They are legal issues just like you don't.
you want to admit something you did I don't
I'm not going to say anything about that, okay, don't talk.
About that then I can only ask you
can you please remove it and nothing else?
She says when I turn 18 I'll take my
parents don't want to do it because they have
afraid that you will report them for
corruption of minors as you told
My dad would like me to be a person
opportunistic and ask you for something in return but
I'm not really interested
and to solve things, not me, but her.
This is important for what you are going to do
see below and it says just like that
I would like to be an opportunistic person and
ask you for something in return but really not
I'm interested and I said, "Okay, ask me."
This is because I already knew before
was asking for advice on How
edit they mess with the other it seems that
a path passed him by
Javi, don't you see any similarity to the method?
Cancellation to Auron. Greetings, handsome.
I really don't know, the truth is yes
same things and so on I don't know who you
you mean with the other one and with the truck
but well, it doesn't stop to criticize and to
deny you do not have to discredit
no one less physically so by
Please, let's not get into that stuff, okay?
I won't say it anymore, apart from that we have already
banned one because it seems that he doesn't
you know how to behave
Come on, I understand that this chat is
revolutionized today because this issue exists
and many people come from outside because here
normally these things don't happen
tremendous extortionist Dallas has
I see that he is manipulating my mind
Right now Hitler is Dallas
They are manipulating my mind now
same as Dallas and it's almost forcing me
to tell you that you're an idiot
Ari things like that and I did it willingly
a person with whom there was so much
problem and that I was trying
sink in that way to be able to fix
Things with someone like that suited me.
It was good for me to be able to say Ok that
has things with this person that I
had so much hate and keeps saying no
I'm going to ask you for something material, I didn't feel like
Okay And then he takes it and continues saying
I had in mind that she wanted it
some kind of advice or something like that
professional and ends up saying it's the same
You have so much money that maybe I could
ask you to buy me the phone like this
I can work but I feel really weird
asking you for something
I didn't know this or I didn't know this
no no no no
That is, Dallas is the extortionist
that
what I didn't know this I didn't know this
I swear to you
a [ __ ]
who asks for a phone number
like the one with the Three Wise Men
No
Lisandro Thank you very much, Oye family.
we have to get to 3000 I have
that I buy a phone too
we have to reach 3000
We have to reach 3,000 members
In this live I trust you
we're going to do it we're going to get it
We have to reach 3,000 members
in this live
I leave it in your hands, okay. I leave it.
in your hands I don't know how many we carry
Now I look at it the same way, we are already like
50 more or less 100 between 50 and 100
Santa Claus surely gives you a good time
but how do you do this uncle? It's that this
here is where half the video is left, kisses
Javi handsome, a kiss and don't give super
chat Become a member today and see if we can get to
The 3,000 members today please
Listen to me, but this is over now.
the video is still halfway through
We have more than half the video left
I tell him I didn't think he was going to do it
that here I understood that it was her who
was blackmailing to get
money Rather a material thing in
In this case, a phone and I
I specified right after this that no
could ask me that because that would be a
blackmail but that he still wanted to
after already removing it and time
Afterwards I didn't mind giving him something
because I don't repeat it again, it gave me
What a pity this girl, what moment she has
a family clearly for the phone
from Andrea Thank you very much I am very
unstructured and already have problems
mental more than evident again has
I've been logging in recently and I'm already
It was a pity anyway. I didn't want to.
agree to blackmail but it is quite
It's curious that he now dedicates himself to
represent it as if it were me
tried to bribe her when she was
literally she was the one who tried to get me out
a phone call to me saying that I didn't know
I swear this, I don't know if Dallas will try.
now
I think there is one thing that is not addressed
Host Well I think there is one thing that I
I know he doesn't treat her
Yes yes she does, yes she does, yes she does
I'm not going to say what's mine, a kiss yes
he treats her if he treats her you're going to freak out
to freak out
I don't want to be opportunistic but I
You give away a cell phone in addition to that I have
other conversions with her where she
puts things on top of you like you could
help me by recommending me some good ones
video editor the premiere that I have
My free license is about to run out.
and I was there for a few days
giving him a hand with things like that because
the truth again sincerely gave me
Shame about your situation now I read you more
First of all, let's move on to more audios.
but again really repulsive that you
you dedicate yourself to asking me for a phone number
then pretend that it was me who tried to get you
bribe with that when you were the one who
You dedicated yourself to asking me, anyway, let's move on.
to the audios to be afraid of returning to your
home because you don't know to what extent
fanaticism can reach the
people for fear that some person
that I can do something to you
the people you care about most are
audios are basically already dedicated to
accuse me as if he
something that is impossible is just another way of
victimize yourself with something that is totally
ridiculous or rather it's a story
Totally absurd, I have not sent you to
Nobody, I haven't looked for you, nobody has looked for you
threaten the opponent from the first
moment I tried to fix things
with you because I won't repeat myself again
Your situation was very sad, let's continue
listening and for many years I
I'm completely keeping my mouth shut
lie not many years ago the mouth in
I absolutely speak in 2018 then in the finals
from 2019 2020 then again in 2022 and
then again now the only year that you
you have been silent, it has been 2021 the only one because
You are such a liar, why do you say that? Yes
literally everyone knows that no
You have kept silent about absolutely nothing
end
is what you are doing here in this
It seems to me that Hey, we're going to
see if she or he is the one who has signed up
No, but I have the impression that
This girl here in these audios this is it
is reading this is reading it is that
is reading Oye World has given itself a gift
lots of members also warzone
Thank you very much Rey, a big hug
incredible then we check to see if we have
arrived later we'll see if we have
reached 3000 but I think that
a handful is missing, a little squeeze
still valid Here you are reading
Here is reading the same person who
She accused you of the worst things herself
person who exposed you in front of his
millions of followers throwing themselves at you
wolves to threaten you and yours
relatives But how can he have so much
This really seems to me to be a bit cheeky.
incredible when I spoke about this topic in 2018
It is not even due to respect because it is not
I wanted to give more importance to what I did
was to publish a statement on Twitter
clarifying some things and I always said
Hey, don't go harassing her, don't go
tell him nothing and you dedicate yourself to saying that I
I exposed you, I exposed you absolutely
You didn't expose yourself to anything by yourself
You were the one who started a war in me
against I exposed you I exposed you with whom
I never exposed you, it's more
I've been avoiding making a video for five years.
about you because I didn't want it to reach you
harassment and I'm still supposed to have to
put up with your lies about how you attack me
to me and my girlfriend to my physique to my
work sorry and all because you think the
victim of what what was it that he told you
exactly why people dare to
compare this topic with the topic of coscu
if it doesn't make any sense whatsoever
moment I leaked anything of yours in some
moment I attack you at what moment I
I did nothing wrong against you You were dedicated
to lie about age there is evidence not only
extras that I have but evidence
public accounts of you lying with
your age and publishing your material
explicit which by the way you
dedicated to selling and here it is pretending to
a victim of mine Why By the way I
They also said that he was dedicated to accusing me
that because of me she got into trouble
the Drop examples is like don't blame me
me of all the problems you have in
your life if you got into that world has
It was only because of you that I have nothing.
to see in that and also according to Tengo
understood you got into that world and
you were in rehab in 2022
that was when you spoke to me again
Above all, he came to me threatening me first.
Now you will see the conversation that came to me
threatening and then we break up
solving things or meaningless
All this woman is the most things
absurdly bipolar that I have seen in
all my life True Imagine that
person whom you reported
talk again a few days before
reach the age of majority or greater
complaint yes it is true that she filed that complaint
complaint in five years we are going in five no
and in one and a half or two it's okay. But oh well.
In case you want to make sure, I think that
In 5 years, I think five or six years.
It is enough that this complaint has not been
has been admitted for processing
archived Okay, archived and far away
so good it is impossible to reopen it or
nothing like that understands me which
You reported it and it is assumed that you are not
I should contact you never speak to you again
your private phone to extort you
I think Dallas is going to tell something that
I know, okay, do you remember that before I have
saying
that when we have listened to the audios
I said It's that what he's telling
It's not true, it's that she does, but apart from that, no
It's not that she's
confusing is that she knows that this
It's not true, I really love it.
stations on the air and does not show a single one
just one test, let me explain it to you well
because he is already dedicated to saying and repeating
several times about why he dedicated himself to
contact me I don't know what I never would
I contacted you in 2018 when you attacked me
lying about me for free and
laying out conversations clearly
forged by you I never contacted you
You never know the one that gave rise to contact
who was you she wrote to me in 2020
Here you have the conversation, okay, look
Hello, I would like to talk to you.
Pay attention to this conversation because it is
mortal vale Hi I would like to talk
Many people are talking to me about
to come out and give an interview in your
against and I don't know what else
in 2020 in March 2020 or livita
contact Dallas saying Hey me
Many people are contacting you to
that he comes out to show you
I'm not even interested in thinking about it anymore
I am not interested in continuing with this regard.
exposing myself a year ago you spoke to
My dad and I couldn't understand each other.
Not at all, I'm now 17 and turning 18.
In June I think I'm in a position
more mature to ask you directly that
help me erase everything that is mine
on the internet That is my only request and
I'm completely stopping talking about you.
This girl
contacts him and is telling him that
There are people pressuring her or asking her to
come out and talk about Dallas, we'll see
Who the hell is going to contact this girl?
to talk about Dallas
I can contact someone for something
that interests me not
I can contact someone so that
so that he comes out to tell me something
I'm interested or you can send me
tests that interest me
Okay, a lot of people are talking to me.
to go out and give an interview in
you against
who the [ __ ] who the [ __ ] Well and why
what now and why now he has decided
to leave or here he is asking you
Dallas to delete everything about
she
that helps her eliminate everything there is
about her on the internet and now
suddenly now suddenly it turns out that
I didn't try to contact her and I
He said, Hello, I would like to talk to you.
many people talking to get it out
from an interview against you and I don't know
What else do I care to think about anymore?
I am not interested in continuing with this regard.
exposing me a year ago you spoke to
My dad and well I haven't been able to understand each other
not at all, I'm already 17, I'm turning 18 in
June I think I'm in a more
mature enough to ask me directly
help me erase everything that is mine in
internet That is my only request and I
I'll let you speak completely about this
of all there is is hers in
The Internet is not something I spread in
No time Alex, I want to clarify that.
I had nothing to do with these things
explicit that there were of her she was the
that many videos are uploaded to
YouTube and Twitter and Tumblr videos
Ultra explicit where it was seen
absolutely everything and as a result of the funa
that she tried to do to me then
He regretted having uploaded these
things that are quite curious because
As much as he regretted it in 2020,
This was sent to me at the beginning of 2022
as she dedicated herself to having a solo
So it didn't have much coherence either.
exactly what was
doing was dedicated to complaining is that
does not act coherently
is that he is not a person who acts
with coherence but there are people who
should have realized and not
push her to get back on
What need
because now there will be people of all kinds
There will be people who are good
that he thinks badly that he thinks goodly
is exposed to the end of their being
mentioning the photos and that
I regretted those photos a lot but
then instead in 2022 you opened a
Also I think that with a friend no
I'm pretty sure someone sent it to me.
I can get it back if someone can help me.
recover exactly please is not
not very relevant either But oh well that's it
you were literally doing it all your life
and finally this was the second time that
We talked about it on April 26, 2022
Diego, look, look at the previous time 3
July 2020 and the time Good until the
April 26
Hello, I'll tell you a few things, that is, it comes back to him.
to contact her
in April of last year
is that this last date is the third of
July 2020 I never called him again.
write more this was the last time
where I explain to you even though it seemed
that we had sorted things out
suddenly she became another person again
once to turn the clamp And then again
He says again, Oh, I'm going to put you in
jail after this simply
we ended up badly talking badly and it was her
no, it's always her who starts it
contact who is looking for that interest who
Look for that attention I repeat not me and it
You can see here where she sent me a
audio in which he is basically me
threatening me he was insulting me anyway
I'm not going to put it here but it is
basically that insulting me and
threatening me here, I've had enough and I told him
Send me your information so I can give it to my
lawyers to sue you for one
once please and thank you and he tells me
look for them like I had to do and
I mean, just give your information to
report you then how do you expect me to
I received your complaint and he told me I would
I reported it and I will see if I can do something to make you
I arrived But what do you have to do?
also do so that it reaches me no
you have to do nothing Give me your details And
That's it and if you want to start the
complaints then let's start them now is that
I'm fed up with this non-stop issue.
all the time every year of taking it out once and
again and again you want me to go for it
judicial very well let's do that for the
judicial you will end up with a criminal record
penalties because you know perfectly well that
you changed things you thought I wouldn't
I could prove it and I have the way
absolutely irrefutable to prove it myself
I didn't want to mention this topic any further.
I've already overcome all this and left you alone.
once you live your quiet life I
Live mine But you don't leave me alone It's
that literally every so often
you come back again to fight for sure
is fighting on April 27th at the end
we end up solving the things that are
The hardest part of the subject is where it begins
threaten me saying a lot of
nonsense so that he can later say that
This is very strong just for a little while
Then he told me I don't know and the complaint
because I have neither the time nor the desire and
Here however he begins to tell me that
Right now, man, we're going to do something.
so that it reaches me But if at the same time
time you are saying that it enters him
suddenly comes in boom and I send you a
message returning to the conflict 8 years ago
after
her hair is going to fall out because she is so heavy
that they want to get you into trouble
unnecessary
unnecessary, I didn't have that time or desire
is that it contradicts itself literally
ten minutes for this message does not
You think well nothing happens I know there is
many people
Okay, so our thing. Nothing happens, okay.
There it goes, look here it is that did not follow the
complaint however previously I
I was saying, oh, give me a fever.
I got to you and here I felt sorry.
because notice that it is constantly
playing the victim and damn I mean
Even though you are a person who has
hurt I feel sorry for the girl she gets
to tell me that he is in rehabilitation
because she is involved
My grandmother is about to die and I tell her
I'm really sorry And I really do
I felt and I tell him I hope you recover
I really don't wish it for you and she's here
He admits that he asked me for something that was a
disorientation because I was
blackmailing him with the theme that
gave me a mobile phone and I
precisely for this reason that by the way Ya
He started posting tweets again
new in 2022 mobile
until when I asked you for something that was a
displacement
Let's agree on it Seriously and let it end
To Daniel, whatever ends no
I want to be known for this.
location because he was blackmailing me
with the subject of giving him a
mobile phone and I precisely because
This, by the way, has already returned to
post
I will actually delete the tweets I posted.
because for all the things again in 2022
which he later deleted. By the way, I for
This conversation had understood that
We had finished well and that's why I said
ok I don't care about the shitty channels
They are saying terrible things about me
life how am I going to respect the pact that
I did with her we are not going to talk more in
one from the other and that's it because I don't
I wanted to and even though objectively
has deceived me, has sought evil for me
I have tried to smoke this publicly
It doesn't mean I don't feel bad about this issue.
but the girl doesn't stop, it's been a year
want to solve it another year I love you
sink and then another year you want me
fix it again and then again
I want to sink again and the year
past wanted to fix things with me
and now suddenly I want to sink again
Maybe this chick doesn't even understand herself.
Anyway, back to what this really is
important assumes that you shouldn't
contact never speak to you again
private phone to extort you
How good how good there were things that were not
I knew
I will never extort you if
You really say that, show me where
exactly of being extorted in no way
damn moment In any case you are the one
who tried to extort me
asking me for a cell phone and I
I said that this could not be done and that it was
blackmail that if you wanted later
Let's keep listening. Imagine that you
You say you know what crazy you owe me one
excuse me, excuse me to you, that is, me
that I've been eating a lot of
publicly hate trash channels
taking advantage of my silence alone
because I wanted to respect you and prevent you from
Cayese hate because I know you're having a bad time and
I know you're up to some very shady stuff.
You're the one who comes to attack me again.
attack my physique, my work, my girlfriend and
I have to ask you for forgiveness because
Exactly Sorry for blocking you
one day because I realized that
you were extremely toxic and
I just blocked you without explanation.
and clearly that left you burning up in
end Sorry I'm going to ask you, it's that
It's amazing and you expect this person
have the dignity to never contact
I repeat to you again in no case
damn moment I contacted you
never in 2018 I didn't contact you in 2019 no
I contacted you in 2020
I answered you
There is some reason that will escape us and
The best we will never discover But
There is some reason why she
suddenly stops contacting him because she
has been contacting him I yesterday When
I yesterday when when we are
reacting yesterday before yesterday when
we are reacting to the clown in a cape
I told you I'm not going to tell you things that
I don't own them but Dallas has one
lots of things to argue about here or
I wouldn't talk to this guy. Yes.
I had the slightest doubt
Do you get me
but it has a lot of things that
they mess everything up
Okay
There are conversations in which she
is on good terms with him and apologizes
or does not justify what she eats
contributed I don't know what they have been around for how long
many conversations worth And there is some
reason that is beyond our control
We know, I don't know, maybe we will never
We will find out but there are times when
She has contacted him. Hey, look at him.
nothing that there are many people who are me
pressuring me to talk about you another
time
but I don't want to talk about you, let's go
delete all Fran How are you, mamonaso?
huge kiss handsome There are a lot There is a
lots of conversations in which she
He contacts him and says, Hey look, it's that I
They are pressuring me to talk, uncle, and
Who the hell is pressuring you and why?
you've gone from not wanting to talk to
that now suddenly today you were in
spaces you were live you were in
what has happened what has happened
changed that today you are reading that in
that audio
You can say that I spoke to you because
Basically we agreed that we were going to
talk again when you are already 18
Because you said you wanted to withdraw the
complaint but that you couldn't according to you
until I was 18 and then I told you ok already
We talked about withdrawing any complaint.
You have to withdraw any complaint about that
that has not been admitted
that is that is not even processed
man, it's a decade, for God's sake
kid
almost 18 and new again I don't you
I had spoken, I didn't tell you anything, it's from
July 2020 and you come back to me
contact But how can you say that I
I'll contact you please, it's just that I don't
no one is ashamed Imagine that
you turned 18 a few days go by and this
be contacted again and tell you
Happy birthday but be well
give it to you at least because it's crazy
It's complete madness, it's a disgrace
It's a shame I told you Happy
birthday I hope you are well or
How can this lady really be
so so so bad to say that it is a
ashamed that I tell you happy Happy
birthday I hope you are well
Does that seem like a big thing to you?
You're going to mix it up with the harassment you're talking about.
that I made you before telling you happy
birthday I think you look really ridiculous
This is basically In reference to what
that I already told you she was missing when
he wrote to me
Eliana my love, a kiss, that is, now I am
I can say more emphatically that yes
I sold with age before I was more
decided to say he was not of legal age
and he's lying now but I already
I don't know at this point honestly
again when you were 18
I barely think it was two months
afterwards and it seems very shady to you that I
say happy birthday I hope you are
Well, and does that seem like harassment to you to tell you happy?
real birthday after having
you and I finished talking well what it is
The worst thing was that we were talking well and
You're going to have the nerve to tell me
That is harassment, all of this is fine.
that I wanted
bury all this that I wanted to guide
I won't be able to do it because you don't stop
You don't stop with the subject, leave me alone
At once, aunt, you really don't stop
It's incredible, get over me once and for all, too.
This chick I remind you that she started to
collaborate with another YouTuber ideally
in underwear this youtuber
dedicated to promoting their networks
social networks where he showed his material
explicit literally and I am the one
founded at what moment it seems to me
ridiculous this is another level of absurdity
to work if you can call work
what a crappy life this person has
Super free personal attack Thank you
I don't understand what it means by personal touch
mess with my work But very well
because I'm tired of them interfering
I'm fed up with myself and my family
that this person who as an opinion
staff has a rather face apart
pretty horrible your whole defense is
say that I'm a fart and automatically
insults about my work about my girlfriend
and to say that I'm ugly thanks Olivia you
I really appreciate it. Thank you for your
nice comments you know the worst of it
topic that feeling sorry for you because I know
that you are not mentally balanced and
you know that they are using you well
The best you don't know but who knows
not appearing
in my life with its airs of greatness
tell her happy birthday Vale and her
pride and his ego so but so built
This conversation that was the last
that I had with her I would like you to
I said tell me what moment I am in
here answering at school when
when she gets off the donkey and stops
attack me I told him I tell him Ok Lo
I'm sorry, I hope you recover, don't miss it.
I wish such that at what moment am I here?
talking with ego with built ego and that
I don't know what I don't know how many it is that in no
moment is that at no time of
It's true that at no time did I ever speak to you
neither with ego nor being an idiot nor
behaving badly for nothing And if at some point
moment I have answered you seriously it has been
because you started threatening me
insulting me and has a lot of
barbarities It really seems to me
This is absurd. This pathetic person continues.
APA in my life When the only thing that
I would like to never have to think again
or see his face if you are the one who
It appears again that I don't even know you
I was mentioning that you are
mentioning others to try to attack me
to me and you're still going to say that I appear
in your life You appear in my life but
what are you talking about says I'll play is that
on top of that it is manipulated by people
insignificant that they don't even know him
their house and have to resort to inventing
things are very sad poor girl Well
I'll play it, I think there's something else behind it.
Hey, you know those people just, well
They are not the smartest in the class
and that's it, you understand me, and they get dirty
hands and they will pay the
consequences or whatever you know what I mean
I mean, I don't think so, I think there's more. I mean,
so you know what I'm telling you is no
what the hell is there here for that
The girl went from wanting me to delete everything
on the internet what there is about her and that
you told her and she told him
to say hey please
They are pressuring me to talk about
you And what How do we jump from that to good to
see I also tell you that if a person
that no, that it is not stable. Well, to the
better know suddenly he gets into something
for another I don't know the truth really
to bring to justice once and for all
all this situation definitely
You are very interested in bringing justice
when I got completely pissed off and told you
Look, you know what? Send me your information, we'll go
pass the legal thing and you didn't want to give it to me
no type of data at all
nothing. So what interest do you have?
bring me to justice none of you you
Your only interest is to dedicate yourself to defaming me
publicly and if you want to take it to the
justice you are not in space nor are you in
you are not directly insulting the girlfriend
or anything like that, that is to say it is
completely improbable completely
unlikely and let's say I'm falling off my feet
eggs that there were people who
were asking why I
I would talk about the topic months ago. Hey, it's
It's true what has come out that Dalas
They are pursuing it ex officio and it is happening
opening this case ex officio is like
obviously I didn't enter nor did I enter
I put it because I can't be commenting
Every silly thing is worth it even though now
I don't comment on that nonsense and now I
They are telling me that you are the dog
What's going on, can't you comment on it? Let's see.
how can I comment on it? And it is
a stupid thing you understand But it's that
you can't be commenting on each
nonsense that they suddenly come out
invent is that today's space was
brutal Javi, very strong things were said
Whoever recorded that complete has this
case at your disposal there is everything I have
I have it complete, I have it complete
Now just in case you need it people and say a
a lot of insults towards everything calling me
ugly to insult my girlfriend, that is, you don't
You have no shame, but it's just that
You say you are bringing justice and living nothing.
afraid that some In any case the
that can I imagine Dallas
will end up bringing people to justice
for this reason because of course we are no longer here
talking about a crossing that you tell me I
I tell you So you're already getting involved
in an eggplant that shits you So that
you're getting into a mess that
[ __ ] dad to have to
1500 visits one euro and a half said that
There were people who wanted him out of
internet and that's why they were able to
take her to Spain where there were people
that's what he said I'll play. I mean the girl in the
space has said that there are people who
wants to swim outside the internet and that
They are willing to bring her to Spain
olivita
but he said it like that, he said it like that
so literally because let's see, it's something
that I can obviously assume
but that they told him in such a way
literal I find it incredible apart from
that he has let his tongue slip, of course
a lifeless person can snatch me away
To me everything I built for one
such a useless person and such a
tiny like this guy who doesn't even
I know his name and that I'm not interested either.
say let's say you don't know my name or
be how can you is that he lies until the
smaller things how dare you
that you don't know my name if literally
In this conversation you tell me Dallas
Daniel, which is also a name
that I don't even use and now you
You dare say that you don't even know my
name I guess when you dedicate yourself to
write my name Dallas on the mirror
while you were in a bikini that
You didn't know my name either, don't come on man
So if one day we cross paths
courts
Because I debate with you my love No
because I would wipe the floor with you from here
China why does it happen to you because it happens to you
rag when I was 13 and you
would happen again now but I'm not going to
give that satisfaction because I was going to
to be a satisfaction to me not to me
It makes no sense at all, I mean, I don't
I would have satisfaction that you
you looked at me that's stupid it doesn't have
no kind of sense basically no
you want any kind of debate is a
very horrible discussion By the way in the
that you would end up very badly because
You clearly don't speak well and that's why
There were very nervous people asking him to
Please don't keep talking
then I'll listen to the space It's that
I won't have time today because I want to
before I go It's that I'm not going to go today
I think I'm going to record the news.
the lollipop only tomorrow record the
newscast but
[Music]
I'll listen to it tomorrow. I'll listen to it tomorrow.
I will put the full space and take out
there are some things
Be careful because I have cut the
silences in these audios but really
speak as you know these typical people
that they were getting into it for a long time
substances that should not be taken
They end up talking in a very
slow with many silences that are not
able to correctly connect things
and besides that you lie a lot is that
literally everything you say is [ __ ]
lies one after another And still
They still keep bringing up your subject like
If I had any kind of credibility it would be
that this seems absurd to me as the
kryptonite is Dala's Achilles' heel
He who does not care about the issue that Dallas does not want.
never answer
I'm not going to stay silent any longer
literally
you haven't stopped talking since 2018 no
you have stopped just one year you stopped how
You can have such a hard face, it's just that
I explained it to you, but you were left like that
that you are a scum that can't have
links with people who have not read them beat
where does he get that nonsense?
It makes no sense at all. For example
Let's take Javi's case as an example.
person you all know you are with
that we were friends before but it's that
before being friends he literally told me
He hated with all his soul But why
why why why why Dedicate a to me
truck in this video
Why? But why do you have to leave me?
to remember
you're going to rub our breakup in my face
the face again our breakup
how disappointed he is that he is
Remembering every moment
I'm going to subscribe
no no little chamber, not rubbing myself on the
facing our breakup again
your tilino always remembers you
Grandpa XD Yes yes but to rub myself in
the face again that we have broken clear
to rub it in my face again
We have broken up. Of course, but let's see why I
You have to keep me in your mind
surpass me
wait for me
that you were a hater who has no
type of ignition for example we are going to
Take the case of Javi, a person with whom
that you all know that we were
friends before but before being
friends literally he hated me with
all his soul that until reaching
report it and then we end up having
a link in any case that then
No, we're still talking, but we're not.
friends then what you say is no
has no God, I put the case of Javi
Because it is perhaps the most public case
but this is an accusation
totally cheap thrown into the air like
that I am not capable of having links
also that he doesn't idolize me has been great
forced this cameo not to the south no no me
I think it was a super forced cameo
Let's see, he didn't understand the cameo.
links with people who notice where
He takes out that nonsense, he doesn't have it
no sense at all For example, let's go
to take the case of Javi, a person with
the one you all know that we were
friends before but before being
friends literally he hated me with
all his soul that until reaching
report it and then we end up having
a link in any case that then
No, we're still talking, but we're not.
friends then what you say is no
It makes no sense, I give you the case of
Javi has forced the role but no no
I understand the comparison, I think it is
remember me has not known how
mention me
I think he remembers me, hasn't he?
known How to mention the shot to me separately
that the other day he told me that if we were
Chilean That does hurt, grandpa man
not through means but what I think is known
he forgot to finish the sentence because
I think what I was answering is
that she was saying that he is not
able to have a bond with someone
that I have not read latre Then I think that
where he wanted to go is like
Look at Javi on some occasions
Well, I get along well with Javi. No.
or with Javi I can have one
conversation or can I have that link
broken okay And I don't measure the break I say there is
to go there
Yes, just right.
just just just just just just just
just just
just just just just sure it is
that
I'm sure that's it I'm sure that's it
What the tilino thought there
but he got nervous when he
saying my name made him nervous
It is the most public case perhaps but it is
that this is a totally false accusation
cheap thrown in the air as if I am not
able to have ties with someone who
Don't idolize me, this is absurd.
basically personal attacks
constants to try to represent me
as the worst person in the world and the
I'm not really and I've done too well
behaved too well with you
I have behaved with you. Really, yes.
Are you really interested in taking this?
real courts we arrive from one
maybe we'll finish the topic for a damn
time because I'm going to end badly for you You
you know it perfectly well, you are knowledgeable
from this you modified the conversations and
I not only have the
tests Javi has been burned
Javi has been burned, well, let's see.
I'll take Mira at the right time, I told him.
Dala wanted it in a ditch. No
Now I'm getting angry at Aaron.
Aaron Piper was going to say
They didn't tell me Mercury is a Charmer
kid, it's a joke, it's a joke to you
they named not Exactly Exactly Aaron
work hard no but apart or rather it would be
super would be super pathetic on the part of
someone having a relationship with people who
I only idolized you in fact everything
contrary but now I'm going to tell you that
Now let's see, you can't have a relationship
only with people who idolize you for
For example, I am very affected by what I do.
It cuts me and it makes me uncomfortable, besides it doesn't and
I don't like having relationships with people
that I idolize you at levels
rolling with laughter
You deserve all the cameos, Papu.
I'll be back. Thank you very much.
Sharon, a beautiful kiss, do you know what?
I tell you, or to me for example, the fact
of having understood a person who you
have admiration and show it to you and
that he admires you when he plays and so on
but for example when there are certain people
that you notice
Yes, when you notice that there are people who
cut the pellet or just you
He is giving the reason because he wants something
about you or something like that is noticeable and you
uncomfortable, that is to say, I consider that to see
I like to have conversations about
debates with people who can give me the
contrary your voice broke when
you said link
He is always reminding me
understand I mean I think it's healthy
and also healthy too,
It helps you a lot that you find yourself
Imagine suddenly I'm having a
conflict
Well, imagine with work. Hey, well.
Look, I have a controversy right now.
I'm fighting with Marta, risk and everything
the world gives you the [ __ ] reason because you
you have more power because you have more power
media because it suits them better or
that it is Hey Well maybe it's not bad
Someone tell you to be careful because here in
I would rectify this point because
You are seeing this in a
They got a broken heart, that remains to be seen.
I don't see that, I'm not going to accept that and
That's how easy it is for you to understand what I'm saying.
That is, a healthy relationship, for example,
I talk a lot with Alan, eh? No, and Alan gives me
your opinion and many times different from
mine
and maybe you nourish yourself and you realize
or you can really I hadn't seen it before
This way you know but have relationships
with people who idolize you
to see obviously with people who you
admire or appreciate you Yes but that you
idolize
People who idolize you can be yours
followers only for contact
from work I know a gray me
understand But apart from that, we don't have
And you know about those things.
I don't know, well we're not old enough, of course, I
I put it in the bag as if everyone
were the same age as me, no Warframe
Thank you very much for those 10 members
Guys, we reached 3000 today.
We reached 3,000 tests today.
I showed before the research that you
made of how you are dedicating yourself to
Have people with applications for
modify things but I also have
more things in short pathetic that you have you are
a poor wretch who never, ever goes
to have peace because you are not going to leave me in
peace It's true Well no she Good
Let's see clearly there will never be peace but I
There I do agree with her, eh?
will never have peace
I think he will never have peace.
I want Look at what I tell you that I believe
that I will never have it, imagine
he doesn't
and I'm not going to have it But simply
because
No, I'm not joining in on denouncing him and all that nonsense.
Big Worlds Big Worlds Hey
Well now I look at it now we see how
come on
so I'm going to take the trouble to
expose what you did to me the effect that
had in me in my close ones and I will not
stall
This lady is that seriously in my life
Well yes, yes, I did meet people.
so the truth was going to say that I was with
someone like that but yes yes I crossed paths
with people like that
In my life I will never meet someone like that, he says.
Yes, let's see, I think that I think that
In fact we have a magnet no
That girl isn't exactly Miss Universe.
I don't understand your point, broccoli, honestly.
Today you are giving me some super chat
You're touching my [ __ ] and I'm going to tell you
to ban everyone again
and it's really tiring, it's like
I barely remembered you Dallas has me
manipulated to give you Javi Beats
Dallas
He has asked me to please manipulate you
all so that we reach 3,000
members
I know that many of you are stiff but
They sought life is a manipulation
I think if Dallas stopped going up all the way
It's as if those people stopped breathing.
They draw from Dallas
but look, imagine, not even
I mean
[Music]
Let's see, I understand that many of them are like that.
For example, I consider that by putting myself
putting myself in the place
some of these channels come out
There will be someone who does it because it has been done
scratched in the dala that you [ __ ] no and of
for life is worth it For example I consider
There is someone who is
very scratched okay
because he has failed him in some way
debate for whatever is worth it but
After the little ones I consider that
Most of them are because it is the Niche that
have found
I mean, I don't even consider it to be
because
because they hate it, I mean I don't think so
you can hate such a person but
because for example, in my day
I did have a very bad image of him and
because I really thought the things that
They told me you know, that is, because I am
everyone coming to tell me what
same and I am new I here in this world
because not because it's going to be a lie you know
So I did think it was an S.
type of person and that added some
argument with him and that they were heating up my
head and that I didn't need it either
a lot of pushing you know but then day by day
today's
those that are so small and so on that
they come out no I think they just
They use the topic as a springboard and it is
a Niche that they have found you know
It is a niche that they have found and that's it.
Javi Where is the plate?
I'm finishing the live now, I'm going to ask for it.
I haven't even asked for the license plate yet.
tele gossip nor the verified one has been me
forgotten uncle I'm very busy I'm
creating a lot of content man and I have
many things to do before I leave
vacation
And on top of that I had the problems
cervical, uncle, who sends you by the ass that
Don't see it, I just ask you to finish it.
I ask nothing more than to finish it myself basically
That's it, eh, I basically see it too.
as an easy springboard they have
found Niche you know
that some do not even do that because not even though
are single-topic channels from Dallas
they pull up
No, they don't pull up, not a chance. I
I think it's like they want it because
There was a time when they found
we reach 10,000 visits every day
days with this you understand me But it is not anymore
that already man there are topics in which there are
topics in which they are already trying to take the
contrary which is already the maximum absurdity
That is to say, not agreeing with
give them on the subject of the Mister
doctor there there, for example, I have already
similar to the example since it is the
height
I have not often given the example of
that if he suddenly gave it to him
video to x
to Hitler x imagine whatever you want
would defend that one here in Dallas
Don't ban me Javi, I'm just a squirrel.
little squirrel, a handsome kiss
sure just uploaded a video maybe
against Dallas nothing will go up
It will be a news Maybe or something not the
worst accusation
puts on Olivita's audios and narrates them
levitates it
Well I imagine he didn't give it.
time to record Dallas' response
It is not normal the hatred they have for
Dallas angry face angry face it
What I'm telling you, I mean, there is one
part I think that most of those
channels
It is not because of Hate that he cannot do it
you can have hatred for a person who notices
You know what I'm telling you. I mean, no, I don't think so.
I have many theories regarding the subject
and surely we will not be lost but
one is one there is a trampoline part
Okay, and what does it say? I'm going to take it.
I'm going to take the role of a vigilante here.
this role that I'm going to put on
4000 followers quickly you know and I
I also imagine that there are certain people
that do belong to the life of Dallas and
They want to belong to the life of Dallas
all their lives and they go all the time
by watching you know and they are finding
allies every time a channel comes out
This and contacts them, they eat their heads
as it happened to me, that is, to me quickly
to the first video I made of Dallas already
I was being contacted by people like that, I don't know.
My friend, you know and I believe that today
Today they continue doing the same thing. Well, it's that
Come on, you just have to see it, right?
they are cut
understands me and you managed to make one
notoriety that I really don't know in what
moment you had this absurd notoriety
you are a very very very liar cool in the
main channel
the guy is going to upload a video
no man
the channel no longer exists
I think I have perfectly dismantled the
things she is signing here are
things that are more difficult for me to have
removable disassemble as the subject of
that I have been looking for specimens like this
country against her it seems to me
totally absurd I don't need it I don't
It is necessary and it seems totally to me
ridiculous you know that I have respected you a lot
more than you have respected me
much more and for those who still
It's better not to be clear why I'm telling you
There are many proofs that I still keep
I show you these because I think they are such
times the ones who lie the fastest
This nonsense, but since we're here, I'll tell you
to teach one more extra thing about
All this You are going to see Chan Chan Chan Chan
self-criticism understand that I also
I contacted you and that age I wanted
really be bigger because he lived
an ugly situation and I wanted to leave my
home but now that I accept my place of
Girl, I would love to turn back time
back and enjoy those moments without
wanting to look older and do more things
that I have that I don't need to show
Here I sincerely believe that with this that
I have shown you without wanting to harm
also the legal strategy in this regard
This seems to me to be fair and more than
enough to prove that
This is obviously totally false
lady was dedicated to lying about her age
their intentions joining with garbage
stalker with her constant comments
Personal attacks I think demonstrate
clearly not a victim
absolutely nothing, quite the opposite
He used to beat up a lot of YouTubers.
and she has conversations with
many youtubers not only private ones
but also publicly with those
same youtubers who later dedicated themselves
to accuse me of youtubers who by the way
They have deleted their collaboration videos with
her in which she came out in clothes
interior and promoting their Instagram
where he also dedicated himself to publishing
explicit things and it's from an aunt
explicitly in that video and you can
find said that they have deleted the
Instagram for uploading photos of her breasts
without any kind of censorship and now
plus he's doing the following which is
This lady is very good today
Today he dedicates himself to giving like to his mother
from my ex
the lady criminal
We don't need to imagine anything and it puts
capitalize the imagination from Lo
They invited a kiss to the evening to see but
this is strong or this is
We don't need to imagine and he puts it with
capital letter no nothing we have been together for 8 years
enduring everything
Oh
insults, lies, slander, boxing and
up to an assault pending trial
at the door of our house
years warning that he has warned us eh That
don't say that he didn't warn us, eh, and it seems
that no one remembers all my support to
This girl and those who remain silent
implying that there are many more
and more prego follows
man this is tremendous
uncle is that
This is tremendous
This is just too much, dude, or whatever.
at least he conceals it
at least he pretends
Well, I'm not going to tell you anything.
I know if the dollar will count for anything here now.
wait
And the years go by and the years go by.
and the years go by and they try to do it
same cancellation
convict who has been sentenced to her and
to his entire family together for two years
and a half in prison and still has the face
hard to dedicate myself to giving like to
This lady and on top of that, look who's following her
And we really live in a
simulation It's that this is that this is
too much
It's just too much
the one unable to overcome and the other who
It seems that she is now my real ex, ma'am.
I take this opportunity to remind you that you are
condemned and that everyone can
say that she is a convicted criminal
keep crying on Twitter what
you want to continue giving credence to a
a girl who is clearly not well in her own right
head to try to make me attacks
traces and dirty without any kind of
They use the whole thing in the same afternoon, that is, in
The same afternoon they learned that he had
Olivita came out telling some audios
worth at 5 o'clock at 5 o'clock in the
girl I should have put that which I understand
that must have been early in the morning or whatever
whether it is due to the schedules when they have been
woken up because they have already found out
what has happened and running they have gone to
follow her if they didn't follow her before
that too much
It's just that he's too much, uncle, it's for the whole
life for life
and the son-in-law uncle
It is credible that this is going to give us any credibility.
remove the background finally me
I would like to tell you that I did speak to him
her father to try Well no
make this video because I know it will be liked
fall hate But the truth is that
Honestly, she's attacking me all over.
Javi's time Look at the latest tweet from
Goku no please don't tell me
that Costco has said something about this
not for leaving it to you to joke around
stop joking around
has not said what mess it's going to be
Twitter this week nothing more the
coscu no I don't think so I'm going I don't think so
put nothing because the ass that is
wishing It's that let's see Goku doesn't have
nothing to answer or anything like that
Okay then what I think is
wishing is to focus on the tension
ask somewhere else okay
but my goodness
my mother
The last thing was to close the video.
I know if there was something else that I but it
the last has already been the last has already been
the mess
The latest thing already uncle that How can you do
that doesn't cut it
That is, you go back to the script, you go back to your
paper and you go back to your script. Hey, let's see if
strain no no queue in 2017 in 18 in
On the 19th they are so sick that I don't
I would be surprised if this girl continued
banning Dallas
I've been banned, I don't know how many times.
I have to say that I did not insult anyone
of the uncle parts
that no, that you do not use that type of language
but my goodness
my mother
put the last thing I removed it There was something
important
There was something important
my mother
It also addresses the issue of attacking very important topics.
personal calling me ugly messing with me
my physique getting into my work
messing with even my girlfriend who doesn't
has nothing to do with it, I could do one
Part two that I haven't even shown
half of the things I have but
Well the truth is that the issue is
quite long and honestly it gives me
quite lazy because I am every year
having to deny it in the end he sends you
a big hug nothing nothing
Important guys, I loved it
The truth is that I really liked it
I liked it so much. Well, I was more surprised.
many things that maybe I didn't know
Okay, there are some that, but Javi, if you
then you call sick every now and then
any I've already seen mold is a word
which is used colloquially but
any little thing any little thing
They use it against me, they translate it to me
understand Then I can't allow that
With these people you have to walk like this
you understand me are colloquial words that
On the Internet we all use the same
the same old thing, those people never stop
Now you put that at the end and
I'm staying to see you, don't be surprised.
I'm going to tell you that I'm surprised because
I'm not surprised but if it is tweeted and
continue with all these accounts and
Well, anyway, what am I going to tell you?
These people already do not know No but yes
I would be embarrassed, you know. But oh well.
That's it, my goodness
My goodness, guys, I'm going to see if I
there is time to record the lollipop And some
newscaster I send you a huge hug
I send a huge hug, see you tomorrow
Remember that there is a video on Javier
oliveira Watch both videos on Javier
as of today two videos two videos are the
series
reacting to the cape video that tomorrow
the second episode is coming
and today's newscast that has been
He is also handsome, the truth is that he
today's newscast was very nice
so go all to my channel
principal Javier Oliveira and looked at the
two videos in addition to the one about the song Dallas and
layers and so on is very handsome four
videos I think are the series I think
There will be four or five videos coming out
kiss a huge kiss family
[Music]